Nicole Malliotakis for Congress2022 Election Day 
                                             
                                        NEWS & EVENTSFIND YOUR POLLING SITE Meet Nicole Endorsed by President Donald Trump 
                                        2022 ENDORSEMENTS                 
                                        2020 ENDORSEMENTS                 SUPPORT THE CAMPAIGNFOR CONGRESSNicole Malliotakis was elected to the United States House of Representatives in November 2020, defeating an incumbent Democrat by more than 18,000 votes. She currently serves as Assistant Whip for the House Republican Conference and on the House Transportation and Infrastructure and Foreign Affairs committees.  President Trump: “Nicole has my complete and total endorsement!” 
 Today is the day we take our state and country back! Polls are open until 9pm! The stakes have never been higher and our district can make the difference, but you must vote. "Malliotakis has a strong local record to run on & she frequently –and rightly – touts leveraging her highly visible position in D.C. to passionately advocate for the district…a fighter who has dedicated her adult life to the betterment of Staten Island. She has earned our votes.” Rep. Nicole Malliotakis details her reelection campaign ahead of the midterms and discusses the role crime is playing in elections across the state. Uncompassionate. Unsustainable. Utter incompetence. That’s how anyone with commonsense would view the crisis at the southern border that has now spilled into cities across America, including ours. Every day, police officers across our nation put on their uniforms, pin on their badges and kiss their families goodbye, not knowing if it will be for the last time An Op-Ed by House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy. When you buy groceries or pay your electricity bill, you might wonder, “Can I afford this?” Millions of Americans are asking that question. Malliotakis slams the Cuomo-Hochul appointed parole board’s release of 34 cop killers & other murderers and urges New Yorkers to elect Lee Zeldin to restore law & order and accountability. It’s been over two decades since the deadliest terrorist attack in our nation’s history, and it’s shameful that far too many first responders, along with widows, widowers, and children of 9/11 victims continue to wait for the justice they so rightfully deserve. On Fox & Friends, Malliotakis highlights the policies President Biden put in place that have led to the border crisis and slams New York’s Governor and Mayor for further incentivizing & rewarding illegal immigration.PIX11 
                     
                     
                     
                 
                             
                 
                      FOX5 NY 
                     
                     
                     
                 
                             
                 
                      NY1 
                     
                     
                     
                 
                             
                 
                      New York Times 
                     
                     
                     
                 
                             
                 
                      Staten Island Advance 
                     
                     
                     
                 
                             
                 
                      Fox News 
                     
                     
                     
                 
                             
                 
                      New York Post 
                     
                     
                     
                 
                             
                 
                      Staten Island Advance 
                     
                     
                     
                 
                             
                 
                      New York Post 
                     
                     
                     
                 
                             
                 
                      Fox BusinessMenu Menu * * I'M IN! LEARN MORE DONATE NOW other donate now STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byA NO NONSENSE LEADER  share share share share share share share share share share Police Benevolent Association Detectives’ Endowment Association Sergeants Benevolent Association Lieutenants Benevolent Association Captains Endowment Association Uniformed Firefighters Association Uniformed Fire Officers Association Correction Officers’ Benevolent Association MTA Police Benevolent Association Port Authority Police Benevolent Association New York State Troopers PBA National Border Patrol Council New York 10-13 Association Police Conference of New York NYS Fraternal Order of Police United States Capitol Police Labor Committee  Retired Sergeants Association Transport Workers Union of America Uniformed Sanitationmen Association NYS Association of Letter Carriers Council of School Supervisors and Administrators New York Post Staten Island Advance Mason Tenders District Council Marine Engineers’ Beneficial Association American Maritime Officers International Organization of Masters, Mates & Pilots Seafarers International Union American Israeli Public Affairs Committee The Jewish Voice Jewish Press GOPAC Iranian Americans For The Constitution Republican Jewish Coalition Combat Anti-Semitism Everywhere Citizens for Responsible Energy Solutions New Era Democrats Parent Leaders for Accelerated Curriculum & Education Asian Wave Alliance NFIB Small Business Association U.S. Chamber of Commerce Citizens Against Government Waste PAC Conservative Party of New York State Police Benevolent Association Detectives Endowment Association Sergeants Benevolent Association Lieutenants Benevolent Association Captains Endowment Association Correction Officers’ Benevolent Association MTA Police Benevolent Association Port Authority Police Benevolent Association New York State Troopers PBA Supreme Court Officers Association TBTA Superior Officers Benevolent Association Police Conference of New York New York City Deputy Sheriffs Association National Association of Police Organizations Retired Sergeants Association National 10-13 Organizations Fire Marshal's Benevolent Association National Vietnam & Gulf War Veterans Coalition American Postal Workers Union Local 231 New York State Patriots for Life New York Post The Jewish Voice Jewish Press League of Humane Voters Combat Anti-Semitism Everywhere Jewish World Log Cabin Republicans Federal PAC NFIB Small Business Association NICOLENovember 09, 2022 November 08, 2022 November 08, 2022 November 08, 2022 November 05, 2022 October 25, 2022 October 08, 2022 October 06, 2022 October 06, 2022 October 04, 2022Malliotakis: Biden has singlehandedly created the border crisis | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis: Biden has singlehandedly created the border crisisOn Fox & Friends, Malliotakis highlights the policies President Biden put in place that have led to the border crisis and slams New York’s Governor and Mayor for further incentivizing & rewarding illegal immigration.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Aug 31, 2022Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare ‘Never forget’ America’s promise to 9/11 heroes Rep. Nicole Malliotakis Endorsed by the Uniformed Firefighters Association NICOLEPrivacy Policy | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressPrivacy PolicyWelcome to the official website or mobile application (the Sites) of Nicole for New York. This Privacy Policy outlines our practices for collection, use, and disclosure of your information that you provide to us when you use our Site and other Nicole for New York, mobile applications that display this policy (the Sites). By using these Sites, you agree that your use of the Sites is governed by this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service. From time to time, we may update this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to periodically check this Site for updates. We will alert you to changes that have been made by indicating on the Policy the date it was last updated. Your continued use of the Site affirms your agreement to any changes we make to this Privacy Policy. Please note the distinction between our privacy practices in connection with your visit to the Site, and our Terms of Service. 
Voluntary Information: We may collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us including your name, e-mail address, postal address, phone number, mobile number, and geographic location. You may provide this information when you request information, register, make a purchase, send us an email, sign up to receive email or text messages updates, connect through a social feed, fill out a form or for other purposes. We may also collect demographic information such as gender, date of birth, occupation, employer name and zip code. When this information is linked to personally identifiable information, it will be treated as voluntary personal information. In limited circumstances, we may collect payment information such as credit card number where needed to complete a requested service or transaction. Voluntary personal information does not include aggregate data (data about a group or category of users that has been stripped of identifiable information about individual users) that we may collect about the use of the Sites. This policy does not restrict our collection and use of such aggregate information. By requesting information to your mobile phone, we may obtain the following information from you in connection with our SMS service: your cell phone number, your carrier’s name, and the date, time and content of your messages, as well as other information that you provide. We will use such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Automatically Generated Information: We may also collect non-personally identifiable information that is generated automatically while you are visiting the Site or elsewhere on the Internet when our advertisements are served, also known as log files. This data includes, but is not limited to, information such as IP address, web pages visited before and after visiting the Site, date and time, domain type, type of mobile device you use, your device’s unique ID, web pages you view and links you click on within the Site and interactions with our advertisements delivered by us or advertisements delivered by a third-party advertising technology vendor. This type of information may be collected using different types of technologies, such as cookies and pixels. An IP address, for example, is a unique identifier that certain electronic devices used to identify and communicate with each other on the Internet. When you visit our Site, we may view the IP address of the device you use to connect to the Internet. We use this information to determine the general physical location of the device and understand from what regions of the world our Site visitors come. We also may use your non-personally identifiable information to enhance our Site. All Site users remain anonymous unless they choose to give us their personal information. You may elect not to allow us to collect and use this non-personally identifiable data as part of our Service by following the Opt Out procedures described below. 
Overview: We may use cookies and other technologies to obtain certain types of information when your web browser accesses the Site or visit a web site in our network. “Cookies” are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser at the request of a website. Cookies help us improve your experience on our Sites, however, if you wish to block, erase or be warned of the use of cookies, please refer to the paragraph below entitled Disabling Cookies or to your browser manufacturer. When you view a video on our Sites, a third party may also set a “flash cookie” on your computer. Since removing and rejecting browser cookies may not also remove or reject flash cookies, you will also need to visit: www.adobe.com/products/flashplayer/security in order to delete or disable flash cookies. Rejecting or removing browser or flash cookies may affect certain features of our Sites. This website uses third party vendors such as Google to help analyze how users use the site. For example, Google Analytics uses cookies to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors’ use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for Nicole for New York. Google Analytics collects information anonymously. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Neither Nicole for New York, nor Google will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any Personally Identifiable Information from any source, unless you explicitly submit that information via a fill-in form on our website. It reports website trends without identifying individual visitors. You can opt out of Google Analytics without affecting how you visit our site – for more information on opting out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites you use, visit this Google page. We may use other companies to set cookies on our Site and advertisements and gather cookie information for us. In some cases, we may also use another company to operate web servers or process credit card purchases for our Site. The Site may use cookies and other technology to speed navigation and keep track of items and to gather anonymous traffic data that we may use to enhance the Sites, our Services, marketing, and other internal purposes. This Policy does not apply to, and Nicole for New York, is not responsible for, cookies used by the third parties. If you select “remember me” on your computer when logging on to the Site, Nicole for New York, will set a persistent cookie to store your username and password so that you do not have to enter it more than once. It also allows us to send confirmations, receipts, updates, alerts and support and administrative messages and otherwise facilitate your use of and our administration and operation of the Site. The persistent cookie also enables Nicole for New York, to track and target the interests of users to enhance the experience on the Site. The persistent cookie is removed when you uncheck the “remember me” check box. Disabling Cookies: The “Help” portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive cookies, and how to disable cookies altogether. Note that if you reject or block cookies, it may affect your ability to enjoy the full functionality and experience of our Site. Web Beacons: Pages of our Site [and our e-mails] may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit Nicole for New York, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or [opened an e-mail] and for other related web site statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain web site content and verifying system and server integrity). 
Use of Personal Information: If we receive your personal information, we will only use it for the purposes described where it is collected or otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. We may share this information outside of Nicole for New York, if (1) you authorize us to do so; (2) it is necessary to allow our service providers or agents to provide products or services for us, (3) it is necessary in order to provide our products or services to you (and contacting you when necessary), (4) subject to applicable contractual or legal restrictions, it is disclosed to entities that perform marketing services on our behalf or to other entities with whom we have joint marketing agreements, (5) subject to applicable contractual or legal restrictions, it is necessary in connection with a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of Nicole for New York, (6) it is necessary in connection with other business purposes including, without limitation, responding to your inquiries or requests for information or services, customer care, service quality, business management and operation, risk assessment, security, fraud and crime prevention/detection, monitoring, research and analysis, marketing, customer purchasing preferences and trends, dispute resolution, credit checking and debt collection, (7) it is necessary to disclose in order to protect or defend our rights or property or those of our users, (8) it is necessary to disclose in order to protect the personal safety of our users or the public, (9) it is necessary for us to provide it to our attorneys, accountants, regulators, auditors or other advisors, or (10) otherwise as we are required or permitted by law or required to comply with legal process served upon us, our agents, representatives or our affiliates. We may also aggregate your personal information with the information of others and may disclose such information in aggregate form for marketing and promotional purposes in a way that would not identify you individually. Use of Non-Personally Identifiable Information: Nicole for New York, or our service providers or agents that provide services for us may use non-personally identifiable information as part of the Services to better tailor advertisements and other content in an effort to create a more relevant experience for each person that visits the Site or elsewhere on the Internet. This non-personally identifiable information may also be used to predict responses to advertisements, to help determine which ads perform best and which content is most appropriate for different individuals, to measure and optimize the effectiveness of advertisements, and to provide aggregate reporting to our service providers or agents and for our and their internal purposes. Nothing herein restricts the sharing of aggregated, non-personally identifiable information with third parties. We use various web site analytics tools and technologies regarding activities on our Site that require storage of web session data. The overall aim of these tools is to aid in making our Site easy to use, to proactively identify and correct error conditions and to provide more relevant advertising and content to you. These tools and technologies are also used to assist Site visitors who report problems in the use of our Site. Stored web session data is used in accordance with this Privacy Policy. 
We use cookies to compile aggregate non-personally identifiable data about Site traffic and Site interaction so that we can offer better Site experiences and tools in the future. We may also share non-personally identifiable information with companies such as agencies, ad networks, or exchanges to enable them to analyze user behaviors or to customize the ads that you encounter. 
On our Site, you may wish to participate in contests and other promotions that we may offer from time to time. Through these promotions, you may choose to participate in activities such as sharing information found on our Site with others and sending e-mail invitations. In connection with any contests and other promotions that we may offer from time to time via our Site, we use the information you provide to administer the contests and other promotions. Subject to applicable contractual or legal restrictions, we also may use the information to communicate with you, or the other people you select, about our products and services or our service providers or agents partners may use such information to communicate with you about the contests and other promotions or their products and services. If you choose to participate in these promotions, and are eligible to do so, we may ask you for information such as your name, e-mail address, date of birth and telephone number. 
Third Party Links: For your convenience, we may include or offer third party offers, products or services on our Site. Third party vendors may use cookies or other technologies to serve ads on other web sites based on your visit to this Site and other web sites on the Internet. We cannot be responsible for the privacy practices of any web sites or pages not under our control and we do not endorse any of these web sites or pages, the services or products described or offered on such sites or pages, or any of the content contained on those sites or pages. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our Site and welcome any feedback about these web sites. You should familiarize yourself with the privacy policies of these third parties before disclosing information to the third parties directly. 
Any information, communications, or material of any type or nature that you submit to our Site (including, but not limited to any of our pages contained on a social media platform or web site such as Facebook or Twitter) by e-mail, posting, messaging, uploading, downloading, or otherwise (collectively, a “Submission”), is done at your own risk and without any expectation of privacy. We cannot control the actions of other users of any social media platform or web site and we are therefore not responsible for any content or Submissions contained on such sites and platforms. By visiting any of our pages or web sites that are contained on a social media platform or web site, you are representing and warranting to us that you have reviewed the applicable privacy policy and terms of use of such platform or web site and that you will abide by all such provisions contained therein. Additionally, in the event that we offer a message board or any other interactive or social-type feature on a web site administered directly by us, please be aware that these areas may allow you to publicly post, and share with other users, certain messages, content, or other information (e.g., stories, pictures, ingredients, tips, etc.). Although we may take certain precautions to protect those who use these areas of one of our web sites, we encourage you to be wary of giving out any personal information in such public forums. The information you post can be collected and used by people you don’t know. We cannot guarantee the privacy and safety of these areas and are therefore not responsible for any information you choose to post. Your use of these features is fully at your own risk. 
E-mail: We appreciate your questions and comments about our Site and services and welcome your e-mails and questions submitted to our Site. We will share your messages with those within our organization who are most capable of addressing the issues contained in your message. We may archive your message for a certain period of time or discard it, but your e-mail address and message will only be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Submitting your e-mail: Submitting your address anywhere on the Site will result in your e-mail address being added to Nicole for New York’s e-mail list. You may unsubscribe to Nicole for New York, e-mails at any time by opting out of e-mail subscriptions with the “unsubscribe” link included in each e-mail. Your e-mail address will be removed from our marketing list. Please allow us a reasonable period of time in order to satisfy your request, as some promotions may already be in process. Suggesting the Site to a Friend: If you elect to use any feature that includes suggesting a page to a friend or to inform a friend about the Site or solicit donations or pledges or otherwise communicate, Nicole for New York, may ask for your friend’s name and e-mail address. The Site may automatically send the friend a one-time e-mail inviting them to visit the Sites or otherwise provide the information requested by you. Nicole for New York, will store and use this information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Your friend may contact Nicole for New York, to request the removal of this information from our databases. 
We employ and maintain technology and security measures designed to protect your personal information. However, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed as 100 percent secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or receive from us. 
Overview: We may use non-personally identifiable information to provide more relevant advertising and content. If you’d like to stop this Site from collecting certain types of information that provide more tailored online ads and messages to you, please  . If you elect to opt out of this type of advertising, we will place a cookie on your browser computer to flag that we should not collect data to tailor advertising to your browser. If you delete your cookies, install a new browser, or use a different computer, you may need to revisit this page to opt out. You can also visit the Digital Advertising Alliance site, by clicking here  , to opt out of interest-based advertising from other third parties using cookies. 
Under California Law, California residents have the right to request in writing from businesses with whom they have an established business relationship, (a) a list of the categories of personal information, such as name, e-mail and mailing address and the type of services provided to the customer, that a business has disclosed to third parties (including affiliates that are separate legal entities) during the immediately preceding calendar year for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes and (b) the names and addresses of all such third parties. To request the above information, write to us at (with a reference to California Disclosure Information): www.NicoleMalliotakis.com. We will respond to such requests for information access within 30 days following receipt at the e-mail or mailing address stated above. If we receive your request at a different e-mail or mailing address, we will respond within a reasonable period of time, but not to exceed 150 days from the date received. Please note that we are only required to respond to each customer once per calendar year. 
We strongly encourage parents and guardians to regularly monitor and supervise their children’s online activities. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. 
When you make a contribution to Nicole for New York, federal law requires us to obtain the following information: name, mailing address, employer, occupation, and amount of contribution. Federal law also requires us to report this information to the Federal Election Commission if an individual’s contributions aggregate in excess of $200 in a single calendar year. Any credit card information provided is only used to immediately process your donation. All contributions made to the Site are considered final unless the donation is not in compliance with federal election law and/or Federal Election Commission regulations. All purchases from the online store are considered contributions to Nicole for New York. 
If you are visiting our Site from outside of the United States of America, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored or processed in the United States, where our servers are located, and our central database is operated. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country, but please be assured that we take steps to protect your privacy. By using our Site, you understand that your information may be transferred to our facilities and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Privacy Policy. 
Please contact us if you have questions about our Privacy Policy at www.NicoleMalliotakis.com  Go to   to sign up to receive campaign notifications from Nicole for New York by registering your mobile number with us. After signing up, you will receive a text message from us on your mobile number. Message frequency may vary. Msg&Data Rates May Apply. Compatible carriers include: AT&T, T-Mobile®, Verizon Wireless, Sprint, Boost, Alltel (Verizon Wireless), U.S. Cellular, Cellular One, MetroPCS, ACS/Alaska, Bluegrass Cellular, Cellular One of East Central Illinois, Centennial Wireless, Cox Communications, EKN/Appalachian Wireless, GCI, Illinois Valley Cellular, Immix/Keystone Wireless, Inland Cellular, Nex-Tech Wireless, Rural Cellular Corporation, Thumb Cellular, United Wireless, West Central (WCC), Cellcom, C Spire Wireless CellSouth, Cricket, Cincinnati Bell and Virgin Mobile®. T-Mobile is not liable for delayed or undelivered messages. To discontinue receiving SMS messages from Nicole for New York, text STOP to any of our messages. For additional help, contact   . By providing your cell phone or mobile phone number you are consenting to receive calls and texts, including autodialed and automated calls and texts, to that number with campaign notifications from Nicole for New York. Reply HELP for help, STOP to end. Message frequency may vary. Msg&DataRatesMayApply. Nicole for New York respects your right to privacy. You can view our privacy policy here  .Menu Menu [email protected] STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byPrivacy Policy Overview Information Collected and how it is Collected Cookies and Other Technologies Information Use and Sharing Third Party Use of Cookies Contests and Other Promotions Third Party Features Social Media Platforms and Websites Email Signups Security Opt out Your California Privacy Rights Children Donations Visiting our Site from outside of the United States Contact Us SMS Terms of Service NICOLE'Never forget' America's promise to 9/11 heroes | Nicole Malliotakis for Congress‘Never forget’ America’s promise to 9/11 heroes                 It’s been over two decades since the deadliest terrorist attack in our nation’s history, and it’s shameful that far too many first responders, along with widows, widowers, and children of 9/11 victims continue to wait for the justice they so rightfully deserve.Twenty-one years ago today, our city and country witnessed a horrific display of terrorism on American soil. Nearly 3,000 killed, more than 6,000 injured, and thousands more have succumbed to 9/11-related illness. Today, we’re reminded of our promise to ‘Never Forget’ those who perished on that fateful day. To me, that promise also extends to victims’ families, survivors, and law enforcement alike. Tens of thousands of first responders who rushed to the front lines to search for survivors and help our city recover are now battling brutal illnesses as a result of toxic exposure at Ground Zero, the Pentagon, and Shanksville, PA. These heroes are forced to live with those horrific events every single day, and unfortunately, the World Trade Center Health Program’s (WTCHP) looming $3 billion budget shortfall is putting their health care coverage at immediate risk. As of last year, roughly 74% of those enrolled in the WTCHP had been diagnosed with at least one physical or mental health condition directly linked to 9/11, including 20% with cancer and 28% with a mental health condition. If no action is taken, first responders and survivors in every state and all but one congressional district could lose their health care coverage, and any new sick first responders or survivors would be barred from enrolling in the WTCHP by October 2024. Thankfully, we have a solution. I’ve joined my colleagues – both Democrats and Republicans – in cosponsoring The 9/11 Responder and Survivor Health Fund Correction Act, legislation that secures adequate funding streams to rectify the WTCHP’s budget deficit so it can continue to provide no-cost medical treatment and monitoring for over 117,000 9/11 first responders and survivors. While the introduction of this legislation is a step in the right direction, it’s now up to Speaker Pelosi to bring this bill forward for a full committee mark-up and formal vote – something my colleagues and I have repeatedly called for. It’s been over two decades since the deadliest terrorist attack in our nation’s history, and it’s shameful that far too many first responders, along with widows, widowers, and children of 9/11 victims continue to wait for the justice they so rightfully deserve. In 2015, the United States Victims of State-Sponsored Terrorism Fund (USVSST) was established to compensate people injured in acts of international state-sponsored terrorism. While $3.3 billion was paid through the fund between 2017 and 2020 primarily with assets seized from state sponsors of terrorism, certain 9/11 spouses and dependents were wrongfully excluded from the fund up until 2019. These individuals have received less than .01% of their allocated payments and I’ve made it my mission in Congress to right this solemn wrong. Last month, I introduced bipartisan legislation that would ensure roughly 5,364 widows, widowers, and dependent children initially excluded from the USVSST are equitably compensated for their unimaginable losses, putting them on par with other victim groups. This is something President Biden has the power to do right now with the $3.5 billion seized from the Afghanistan Central Bank. As New Yorkers, we know how crucial it is to uphold our promise to “Never Forget” for the victims and their families, while also remaining focused on keeping America safe and stopping terrorist organizations from striking our nation’s heart ever again. Although 21 years have passed, the pain we experienced while terrorists unleashed deadly and calculated destruction across our country has not faded. I will not stop fighting until every survivor, every family member left behind, and every first responder who dropped everything to put our country back together receives the highest-quality health care and compensation they deserve.  You have my word – I am determined to see this mission through.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Sep 11, 2022Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Malliotakis: NY parole board’s release of 34 cop killers & other murderers is a disgrace Malliotakis: Biden has singlehandedly created the border crisis NICOLEMalliotakis: NY parole board's release of 34 cop killers & other murderers is a disgrace | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis: NY parole board’s release of 34 cop killers & other murderers is a disgraceMalliotakis slams the Cuomo-Hochul appointed parole board’s release of 34 cop killers & other murderers and urges New Yorkers to elect Lee Zeldin to restore law & order and accountability.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Sep 17, 2022Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Here’s what Republicans will deliver when we take back the House ‘Never forget’ America’s promise to 9/11 heroes NICOLEThe Staten Island Advance endorses Nicole Malliotakis for re-election | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressThe Staten Island Advance endorses Nicole Malliotakis for re-election                 “Malliotakis has a strong local record to run on & she frequently –and rightly – touts leveraging her highly visible position in D.C. to passionately advocate for the district…a fighter who has dedicated her adult life to the betterment of Staten Island. She has earned our votes.”Menu Menu STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byNICOLEHere's what Republicans will deliver when we take back the House | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressHere’s what Republicans will deliver when we take back the House                 When you buy groceries or pay your electricity bill, you might wonder, “Can I afford this?” Millions of Americans are asking that question because Democrats’ reckless government spending has led to record inflation and driven us into a recession.When you watch the local news, you may feel less safe in your community. You aren’t alone. Under the Biden administration, we’ve experienced the deadliest years for violent crime and drug overdoses. Just as we see the rule of law breaking down in our cities, we’re seeing it break down on our border. This week, President Joe Biden broke the record for the most illegal border crossings in a fiscal year: more than 2 million encounters at the southern border in 11 months. And the prospect of your kids falling further behind in school is heartbreaking. Government-mandated lockdowns and mask mandates wiped out 20 years of student gains in reading and math. The White House and Democratic majority in Congress control Washington. This is their record. Yet they don’t intend to fix it. But Republicans have a plan for a new direction to get our country back on track. It’s called the Commitment to America. House Republicans are committed to delivering a strong economy, letting you feed your family and heat your home without breaking the bank. The Commitment to America stops wasteful Washington spending to lower the price of groceries, gas, cars and housing and stop the rising national debt. It also prioritizes cutting the oil-and-gas-permitting process time in half, lowering energy costs and creating good-paying jobs by unleashing reliable, abundant American-made energy. And it modernizes outdated regulations to expand American manufacturing, strengthen our supply chain and end our dependence on China for critical goods. Of course, we can’t have lasting prosperity without public safety. To secure our southern border, we’ll end catch-and-release loopholes, invest in effective border enforcement and deploy technology to stop the endless flow of illegal immigration and drugs under Biden that’s turned every city into a border city. To reduce crime, we’ll support 200,000 new law-enforcement officers through hiring bonuses, permanently criminalize illicit fentanyl and crack down on soft-on-crime prosecutors. If woke district attorneys won’t do their job, they don’t deserve another dime of federal money. As we work toward a safe country with a strong economy, we also want a future built on freedom, in which children come first and our constitutional rights are protected. We’ll advance the Parents’ Bill of Rights to deliver real transparency and accountability, recover learning loss from school closures, defend fairness in athletics by ensuring only biological females can compete in girls’ and women’s sports and expand school choice so more than a million more children can attend the school their parents know is right for them. America’s future depends on excellence in education and respect for dedicated parents and teachers. Finally, Republicans will give you a government that’s accountable, without politicians playing by a different set of rules. The Commitment to America champions policies to restore voters’ confidence in Congress, starting with ending Speaker Nancy Pelosi’s proxy-voting abuse of power that allowed 90% of House Democrats to get paid without needing to show up for work. It also restores the House as a check against the Biden administration’s incompetence and abuses of power through vigorous oversight. We’re committed to investigating issues that deserve real scrutiny, including the politicization of science that drove government-mandated lockdowns and school closures, the weaponization of the Department of Justice, the botched withdrawal from Afghanistan that created 13 new Gold Star families and potential conflicts of interests connected to the president’s family’s business dealings. By taking action every day to deliver an economy that’s strong, a nation that’s safe, a future that’s built on freedom and a government that’s accountable, House Republicans will put our nation back on track towards long-term success. This is our Commitment to America. And in a Congress restored to the American people, we will do everything in our power to make it a reality.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Sep 23, 2022Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byAn Op-Ed by House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy. As published in the  share Op-Ed: New Yorkers need to protect cops — and themselves — by ousting Hochul & Co. this November Malliotakis: NY parole board’s release of 34 cop killers & other murderers is a disgrace NICOLEOp-Ed: New Yorkers need to protect cops — and themselves — by ousting Hochul & Co. this November | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressOp-Ed: New Yorkers need to protect cops — and themselves — by ousting Hochul & Co. this November                 Every day, police officers across our nation put on their uniforms, pin on their badges and kiss their families goodbye, not knowing if it will be for the last time.When one of our police officers is killed in the line of duty, we owe it to their families and brothers and sisters in blue to hold their killer accountable. Unfortunately, thanks to the left-wing Parole Board appointed by the Cuomo-Hochul administration, we’re seeing cop-killers being released at an unprecedented level. This is a slap in the face to all law enforcement and an insult to the memory of the lives cut short. But New Yorkers will have a chance to slap back at the voting booths come November. In January, a career criminal assassinated two NYPD officers, Wilbert Mora and Jason Rivera, as they responded to a domestic dispute in Harlem. It’s not far-fetched to believe the perp was emboldened by the lack of consequences those who assault police officers face. In just the past five years, 35 cold-blooded cop-killers across New York state have been released. That includes Anthony Bottom, who brutally assassinated two NYPD cops in 1971. After his release, he was even given a platform to speak at SUNY Brockport, where he was billed as a “political prisoner” while our governor stayed silent. Every day, police officers across our nation put on their uniforms, pin on their badges and kiss their families goodbye, not knowing if it will be for the last time. When one of our police officers is killed in the line of duty, we owe it to their families and brothers and sisters in blue to hold their killer accountable. Unfortunately, thanks to the left-wing Parole Board appointed by the Cuomo-Hochul administration, we’re seeing cop-killers being released at an unprecedented level. This is a slap in the face to all law enforcement and an insult to the memory of the lives cut short. But New Yorkers will have a chance to slap back at the voting booths come November. In January, a career criminal assassinated two NYPD officers, Wilbert Mora and Jason Rivera, as they responded to a domestic dispute in Harlem. It’s not far-fetched to believe the perp was emboldened by the lack of consequences those who assault police officers face. In just the past five years, 35 cold-blooded cop-killers across New York state have been released. That includes Anthony Bottom, who brutally assassinated two NYPD cops in 1971. After his release, he was even given a platform to speak at SUNY Brockport, where he was billed as a “political prisoner” while our governor stayed silent. George Willis — the self-proclaimed “Jack the Ripper” of Staten Island — was freed in June, despite pleading guilty to abducting and murdering two innocent teen girls in 1979. Also paroled in June was Matthew Poppe, who along with his wife viciously tortured and murdered their 3-year-old daughter Sylena, who would be 24 years old today. Poppe spent less time than that in jail. One murderer who did get denied by the left-wing parole board is Mark David Chapman, the convicted killer of John Lennon. But make no mistake: Had Lennon been a police officer, not a Beatle, Chapman would be free today. And Chapman may get his break soon if Albany Democrats get their way. State Sen. Brad Hoylman has introduced a bill that would force the release of hundreds of incarcerated murderers, rapists and felons who are 55 and older and have served more than 15 years of jail time — regardless of the danger they pose to society. This is unconscionable, seriously irresponsible, and further puts New Yorkers in harm’s way. New York Democrats from Kathy Hochul to Brad Hoylman to Max Rose and every state legislator who supported the disastrous bail law have made a mockery of our justice system, disrespected our law enforcement and made their constituents less safe. The only solution is to send them all packing in November. More than seven in 10 New Yorkers fear they will be a victim of violent crime. Not a single one of them should be voting for Hochul and the other bail-reform supporters. Unless New Yorkers make their voices heard loud and clear on Nov. 8, New York’s crime crisis is only going to get worse. New Yorkers must put Lee Zeldin and Allison Esposito at the helm; it very well may be our last chance to stop those who are placating the very worst in our society, running our state into the ground and forcing people to flee at a record pace. We need people like them to put New Yorkers before hardened criminals, give law-enforcement officials the necessary tools to protect themselves and our communities, keep dangerous criminals behind bars and save the Empire State from the irreparable damage caused by another four years of the dangerous Cuomo-Hochul agenda.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Sep 23, 2022Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byAs published in the  share Op-Ed: It’s time for Mayor Adams to get on board with border security Here’s what Republicans will deliver when we take back the House NICOLEOp-Ed: It's time for Mayor Adams to get on board with border security | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressOp-Ed: It’s time for Mayor Adams to get on board with border security                 Uncompassionate. Unsustainable. Utter incompetence. That’s how anyone with commonsense would view the crisis at the southern border that has now spilled into cities across America, including ours.Uncompassionate. Unsustainable. Utter incompetence. That’s how anyone with commonsense would view the crisis at the southern border that has now spilled into cities across America, including ours. It lacks compassion because of the horrors so many migrants face as they make the dangerous trek toward the United States and the lives of our law enforcement endangered every day. There are reports of women and children being raped, horrific deaths — such as the 51 migrants found dead in an overheated tractor-trailer, and the estimated thousands smuggled into sex trafficking rings. Most deaths, however, come from the tons of fentanyl that the DEA says is coming over the border, killing a record 100,000 people last year. That’s roughly 300 people — or the equivalent of a commercial airplane crash — every week. This crisis is unsustainable as it costs American taxpayers, who are already struggling with skyrocketing prices for food, gas and shelter, an estimated $20 billion per year. And in cities like ours, the mayor now wants to spend $15 million a month to house migrants in tent cities or cruise ships, placing more stress on the city’s budget and our wallets. It’s utterly incompetent because this crisis was manufactured by the Biden administration with its open border policy and revocation of smart solutions that brought order to our southern border under President Donald Trump. Instead of further playing into Biden’s self-created disaster, Mayor Adams should join us in demanding our borders be secured, “Remain in Mexico” be restored, more judges be added to quickly differentiate asylum seekers from those with illegitimate claims and give CBP the tools, technology and staffing to end the chaos. The one group benefitting under Biden’s policies are the cartels that are raking in billions from drug and human trafficking schemes. Isn’t it about time that Biden and Adams put the American people before them?by Team Nicole on
                                                        Oct 01, 2022Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byAs published in the  share Watch: New Yorkers are ‘fed up and tired’ with Democrats Op-Ed: New Yorkers need to protect cops — and themselves — by ousting Hochul & Co. this November NICOLEWatch: New Yorkers are 'fed up and tired' with Democrats | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressWatch: New Yorkers are ‘fed up and tired’ with DemocratsRep. Nicole Malliotakis, R-N.Y., details her reelection campaign ahead of the midterms and discusses the role crime is playing in elections across the state.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Oct 25, 2022Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare The Staten Island Advance endorses Nicole Malliotakis for re-election Op-Ed: It’s time for Mayor Adams to get on board with border security NICOLEVote: It's ALL on the line | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressVote: It’s ALL on the line                 Today is the day we take our state and country back!The stakes have never been higher and our district can make the difference, but you must vote.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Nov 08, 2022Menu Menu Nicole for Congress PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byPolls are open until 9pm! share The Staten Island Advance endorses Nicole Malliotakis for re-election NICOLEContact | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressContact UsPlease fill out the form and we will respond as quickly as possible. You may also contact us by email, directly at  . 
Nicole for New York 
2300 Richmond Rd 
Staten Island, NY 10306 
Nicole for New York 
P.O. Box 60487 
Staten Island, NY 10306This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.Menu Menu [email protected] * * * * * powered byStay Informed | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressSTAY INFORMEDSign up to receive emails and/or texts from the team.Menu Menu * * powered byPledge to Vote for Nicole Malliotakis for Congress | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressPledge to Vote for  Nicole MalliotakisLet’s end Nancy Pelosi's control of Congress.This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.Menu Menu * * * * powered byFind Your Polling Site | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressFind Your Polling SiteYOUR ADDRESS ELECTION DAY VOTING LOCATIONWhere to Vote on Tuesday, November 8             
         
     
 		
		
		
		 
		 				 
										     
         
			 
					 
													 
												 
					 
					 
				 
				 
					 
						 
															 
														 
						 
						 
															 
														 
							 
						 
						 
							 
						 
						 
													 Data provided by Google Civic Information. For the most up to date information, visit theMenu Menu 6 am - 9 pm powered byGet Involved | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressGET INVOLVEDOur team continues to grow and we want you to join us! There’s plenty of ways to volunteer and get involved. Let us know how you’d like to help by filling out the form.Menu Menu * * * * * * * * powered byRep. Nicole Malliotakis Endorsed by the Uniformed Firefighters Association | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressRep. Nicole Malliotakis Endorsed by the Uniformed Firefighters AssociationCongresswoman Nicole Malliotakis received the Endorsement of the Uniformed Firefighters Association of Greater New York at a news conference in front of FDNY Firehouse Engine 161 & Ladder 81 on Staten Island. The UFA represents approximately 25,000 active and retired members of the FDNY.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Aug 16, 2022Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Malliotakis: Biden has singlehandedly created the border crisis Watch: Rep. Malliotakis on 48th Anniversary of Turkey’s Invasion of Cyprus NICOLEPress Releases | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressPress ReleasesPosts navigationToday is the day we take our state and country back! Polls are open until 9pm! The stakes have never been higher and our district can make the difference, but you must vote. “Malliotakis has a strong local record to run on & she frequently –and rightly – touts leveraging her highly visible position in D.C. to passionately advocate for the district…a fighter who has dedicated her adult life to the betterment of Staten Island. She has earned our votes.” Rep. Nicole Malliotakis details her reelection campaign ahead of the midterms and discusses the role crime is playing in elections across the state. Uncompassionate. Unsustainable. Utter incompetence. That’s how anyone with commonsense would view the crisis at the southern border that has now spilled into cities across America, including ours. Every day, police officers across our nation put on their uniforms, pin on their badges and kiss their families goodbye, not knowing if it will be for the last time An Op-Ed by House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy. When you buy groceries or pay your electricity bill, you might wonder, “Can I afford this?” Millions of Americans are asking that question. Malliotakis slams the Cuomo-Hochul appointed parole board’s release of 34 cop killers & other murderers and urges New Yorkers to elect Lee Zeldin to restore law & order and accountability. It’s been over two decades since the deadliest terrorist attack in our nation’s history, and it’s shameful that far too many first responders, along with widows, widowers, and children of 9/11 victims continue to wait for the justice they so rightfully deserve. On Fox & Friends, Malliotakis highlights the policies President Biden put in place that have led to the border crisis and slams New York’s Governor and Mayor for further incentivizing & rewarding illegal immigration. Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis received the Endorsement of the Uniformed Firefighters Association of Greater New York at a news conference in front of FDNY Firehouse Engine 161 & Ladder 81 on Staten Island. As we mark the 48th Anniversary of Turkey’s illegal invasion and occupation of Cyprus, our allies in the Mediterranean face new threats by Erdogan. You don’t need to travel 11,000 miles and fist bump the Saudis. You can visit oil and natural gas producing states right here in the USA! Malliotakis discusses the Jose Alba case, Woke D.A. Bragg, Gov. Kathy Hochul’s refusal to fix bail reform and Biden’s open border policy. Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis appeared on Fox News to discuss the state of the economy and its effect on Americans. The swing 11th Congressional District occupied by Republican Rep. Nicole Malliotakis is trending red and a Democratic challenger will only be hurt by an endorsement from President BidenMenu Menu Nicole Malliotakis READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post 1 … STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare share share share share share share share share share share share share share share NICOLEEmail Protection | CloudflareEmail Protectionnicolemalliotakis.comThe website from which you got to this page is protected by Cloudflare. Email addresses on that page have been hidden in order to keep them from being accessed by malicious bots.  . If you have a website and are interested in protecting it in a similar way, you can  .Please enable cookies.You are unable to access this email address Cloudflare Ray ID:  • 
      Your IP:
       
       141.149.41.254 
       • 
     Performance & security byYou must enable Javascript in your browser in order to decode the e-mail address 76b1a0bdad790ce1Op-Eds | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressOPINION EDITORIALSUncompassionate. Unsustainable. Utter incompetence. That’s how anyone with commonsense would view the crisis at the southern border that has now spilled into cities across America, including ours. Every day, police officers across our nation put on their uniforms, pin on their badges and kiss their families goodbye, not knowing if it will be for the last time An Op-Ed by House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy. When you buy groceries or pay your electricity bill, you might wonder, “Can I afford this?” Millions of Americans are asking that question. It’s been over two decades since the deadliest terrorist attack in our nation’s history, and it’s shameful that far too many first responders, along with widows, widowers, and children of 9/11 victims continue to wait for the justice they so rightfully deserve. In 2020, New York state rolled out new criminal justice reform laws that eliminated cash bail and expanded pretrial release for several misdemeanor and felony charges. Since that time, thousands of violent criminal defendants have been released back on to our streets, free to wreak havoc in our communities. Last Tuesday, Americans from one side of the country to the other, elected Republicans to state and local office, sending Joe Biden and the Democrats a message that we are not, and will never be, a socialist nation. Because this message was so clear, even Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats in Congress could not ignore […] The Democrats’ package is a jumbled mess less targeted towards COVID-relief and more so a mechanism for funding their ever-growing progressive wish list. . As published in the Staten Island Advance As a new Member of Congress, President Biden’s current $1.9 trillion COVID-19 relief package puts me in a quandary. While there are many components […] We didn’t seek the “Freedom Force” mantle, but we’re ready to take it up . By Rep. Nicole Malliotakis, Rep. Carlos Gimenez, Rep. María Elvira Salazar, and Rep. Victoria Spartz. As published on RollCall.com While the 2018 elections resulted in the formation of the socialist “squad,” the 2020 elections will undoubtedly be remembered as the […] The 4th of July has always been special to me and freedom-loving Americans. This year, many of us face the holiday with trepidation as we reflect on the recent upheaval and unrest that has gripped our nation.Menu Menu STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byNICOLENicole Malliotakis for Congress Victory 2022 | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressTwo years after we won one of the most competitive congressional elections in the country, we got  . Through your support, we knocked on   and called voters from one end of the district to the other. This unbelievable grassroots effort powered our campaign to a* * I'M IN! COPYRIGHT © 2022What an incredible victory! 62% of the vote tens of thousands of doors historic win.Get Involved | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressGET INVOLVEDMenu Menu There’s plenty of ways to volunteer and get involved. Let us know how you’d like to help by filling out the form. 
                         
                     * * * * * * * * powered byWatch | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressWatchPosts navigationMalliotakis slams the Cuomo-Hochul appointed parole board’s release of 34 cop killers & other murderers and urges New Yorkers to elect Lee Zeldin to restore law & order and accountability. As we mark the 48th Anniversary of Turkey’s illegal invasion and occupation of Cyprus, our allies in the Mediterranean face new threats by Erdogan. You don’t need to travel 11,000 miles and fist bump the Saudis. You can visit oil and natural gas producing states right here in the USA! Malliotakis discusses the Jose Alba case, Woke D.A. Bragg, Gov. Kathy Hochul’s refusal to fix bail reform and Biden’s open border policy. Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis appeared on Fox News to discuss the state of the economy and its effect on Americans. In Alvin Bragg’s NY, violent career criminals roam free while law abiding citizens left to fend for themselves like Jose Alba get punished. Governor Kathy Hochul should FIRE Backwards Bragg! On Stephen Colbert’s show, AOC once again took a page out of the Hugo Chavez socialist playbook and called for packing the Supreme Court. Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis appeared on Fox & Friends to discuss rising crime in New York. Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis calls out the Biden Administration on their response to the baby formula shortage. Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis, a Cuban-American woman herself, appeared on FOX News to discuss the civil unrest in Cuba and her issues with the way that the Biden administration is interacting with the Castro regime.   Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis appears on FOX to discuss the spike in violent crimes that have been seen in her home state of New York. While there, she discussed how bail reform policies and the defunding the police, have led to increased criminal activity and the release of individuals with extensive criminal histories. Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis appeared on FOX to discuss the influence that the radical Left has on President Biden and how he must reject them in order to pass a fair and balanced, bipartisan infrastructure bill. Speaking to FNTV at the Souther Border at Rio Grande, Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis describes the out of control situation created by President Joe Biden’s reversal of Trump policies. Just another day in Nancy Pelosi’s Washington D.C. where the democrats are choosing politics and insiders above Americans.  Rep. Nicole Malliotakis continues to ask Gov. Cuomo and Mayor de Blasio to make a commitment to New Yorkers that if NY receives $50B in aid, they won’t increase income taxes driving people out, property tax levy that increases cost of living for homeowners & renters alike, and that they’ll stop toll hikes.Menu Menu posts categorized in READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post 1 … STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare share share share share share share share share share share share share share share NICOLEOp-Ed | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressOp-EdPosts navigationUncompassionate. Unsustainable. Utter incompetence. That’s how anyone with commonsense would view the crisis at the southern border that has now spilled into cities across America, including ours. Every day, police officers across our nation put on their uniforms, pin on their badges and kiss their families goodbye, not knowing if it will be for the last time An Op-Ed by House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy. When you buy groceries or pay your electricity bill, you might wonder, “Can I afford this?” Millions of Americans are asking that question. It’s been over two decades since the deadliest terrorist attack in our nation’s history, and it’s shameful that far too many first responders, along with widows, widowers, and children of 9/11 victims continue to wait for the justice they so rightfully deserve. In 2020, New York state rolled out new criminal justice reform laws that eliminated cash bail and expanded pretrial release for several misdemeanor and felony charges. Since that time, thousands of violent criminal defendants have been released back on to our streets, free to wreak havoc in our communities. Last Tuesday, Americans from one side of the country to the other, elected Republicans to state and local office, sending Joe Biden and the Democrats a message that we are not, and will never be, a socialist nation. Because this message was so clear, even Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats in Congress could not ignore […] The Democrats’ package is a jumbled mess less targeted towards COVID-relief and more so a mechanism for funding their ever-growing progressive wish list. . As published in the Staten Island Advance As a new Member of Congress, President Biden’s current $1.9 trillion COVID-19 relief package puts me in a quandary. While there are many components […] We didn’t seek the “Freedom Force” mantle, but we’re ready to take it up . By Rep. Nicole Malliotakis, Rep. Carlos Gimenez, Rep. María Elvira Salazar, and Rep. Victoria Spartz. As published on RollCall.com While the 2018 elections resulted in the formation of the socialist “squad,” the 2020 elections will undoubtedly be remembered as the […] The 4th of July has always been special to me and freedom-loving Americans. This year, many of us face the holiday with trepidation as we reflect on the recent upheaval and unrest that has gripped our nation. Under the fixes achieved that take effect today, a variety of crimes are now listed as “qualifying charges,” which makes them eligible for bail. Since elective surgeries where banned in mid-March, thousands of New Yorkers have learned through suffering, pain and worry, that just because a medical procedure is deemed “elective” does not mean that it isn’t a medical necessity for the patient in question. It’s time to get ALL of the New York’s construction and home improvement industries back to work, taking thousands upon thousands of New Yorkers off the unemployment rolls in every region of the state. Not only do they deserve the proper equipment and supplies, they also deserve better screening before and after their shift. Great job, New York Democrats, you’ve really done it this time! As the rest of the nation watches, your misguided far-left policies, passed in the middle of the night due to one party rule, are deconstructing law and order across the Empire State. The MTA and our congressional representatives misinformed the public that two-way tolling would improve our commute by reducing congestion as well as the number of trucks that use Staten Island roadways.Menu Menu posts categorized in READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post 1 … STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare share share share share share share share share share share share share share share NICOLEWatch Now | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressWatch Now«   Prev 1  /  21 Next   » VOTE…It’s ALL on the line. Malliotakis Speaks at ‘Save Our State’ Rally on Staten Island - November 1, 2022 Malliotakis: In One Week, New York & America Can Restore Balance & Common Sense They're Coming Malliotakis: We must end one party Democrat rule and restore balance to NY & USA Not Everyone Adelaide Malliotakis Discusses Opponent’s Soft on Crime Stances & Her Record for Common Sense Policies Malliotakis Outlines Solutions to Biden’s Border Crisis Malliotakis Pushes for Secure Borders on ABC7’s Up Close IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT Biden or Me Malliotakis Slams Max Rose’s Support of Pro-Crime Policies & Defund Police Advocates Malliotakis responds to Max Rose’s false abortion ad and exposes him as the real extremist Max Rose gets called out for supporting bail reform & marching with defund police advocates «   Prev 1  /  21 Next   » 

		 
	 
 
	 
		 
			 «   Prev 1  /  21 Next   » VOTE…It’s ALL on the line. Malliotakis Speaks at ‘Save Our State’ Rally on Staten Island - November 1, 2022 Malliotakis: In One Week, New York & America Can Restore Balance & Common Sense They're Coming Malliotakis: We must end one party Democrat rule and restore balance to NY & USA Not Everyone Adelaide Malliotakis Discusses Opponent’s Soft on Crime Stances & Her Record for Common Sense Policies Malliotakis Outlines Solutions to Biden’s Border Crisis Malliotakis Pushes for Secure Borders on ABC7’s Up Close IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT Biden or Me Malliotakis Slams Max Rose’s Support of Pro-Crime Policies & Defund Police Advocates Malliotakis responds to Max Rose’s false abortion ad and exposes him as the real extremist Max Rose gets called out for supporting bail reform & marching with defund police advocates «   Prev 1  /  21 Next   »Menu Menu STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byNICOLEEndorsements | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressEndorsements2022 ENDORSEMENTS                 
                                        2020 ENDORSEMENTSMenu Menu STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byPolice Benevolent Association Detectives’ Endowment Association Sergeants Benevolent Association Lieutenants Benevolent Association Captains Endowment Association Uniformed Firefighters Association Uniformed Fire Officers Association Correction Officers’ Benevolent Association Port Authority Police Benevolent Association MTA Police Benevolent Association New York State Troopers PBA National Border Patrol Council New York 10-13 Association Police Conference of New York NYS Fraternal Order of Police United States Capitol Police Labor Committee Retired Sergeants Association Transport Workers Union of America Uniformed Sanitationmen Association Council of School Supervisors and Administrators NYS Association of Letter Carriers New York Post Staten Island Advance Laborers’ International Union of North America (NY) Mason Tenders District Council Marine Engineers’ Beneficial Association American Maritime Officers International Organization of Masters, Mates & Pilots Seafarers International Union American Israeli Public Affairs Committee The Jewish Voice Jewish Press GOPAC Republican Jewish Coalition Iranian Americans For The Constitution Combat Anti-Semitism Everywhere Citizens for Responsible Energy Solutions New Era Democrats Parent Leaders for Accelerated Curriculum & Education Asian Wave Alliance NFIB Small Business Association U.S. Chamber of Commerce Citizens Against Government Waste PAC Conservative Party of New York State Police Benevolent Association Detectives Endowment Association Sergeants Benevolent Association Lieutenants Benevolent Association Captains Endowment Association Correction Officers’ Benevolent Association MTA Police Benevolent Association Port Authority Police Benevolent Association New York State Troopers PBA Supreme Court Officers Association TBTA Superior Officers Benevolent Association Police Conference of New York New York City Deputy Sheriffs Association National Association of Police Organizations Retired Sergeants Association National 10-13 Organizations Fire Marshal's Benevolent Association National Vietnam & Gulf War Veterans Coalition American Postal Workers Union Local 231 New York State Patriots for Life New York Post The Jewish Voice Jewish Press League of Humane Voters Combat Anti-Semitism Everywhere Jewish World Log Cabin Republicans Federal PAC NFIB Small Business Association NICOLEIssues | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressIssues & Accomplishments                 ISSUES ACCOMPLISHMENTSAnimal Welfare                 
             
                Education                 
             
                Election Integrity                 
             
                Emergency Response                 
             
                Environment                 
             
                Foreign Affairs                 
             
                Immigration                 
             
                Public Safety                 
             
                Taxes and Economy                 
             
                Transportation                 
             
                VeteransExplore Nicole’s stance on the important issues affecting our community. Nicole is an animal lover and owner of adopted dogs. In the State Assembly, she sponsored legislation that would   and worked to  . Nicole holds an annual pet adoption event with P.L.U.T.O. Rescue and works to encourage the adoption of pets before they are euthanized. Nicole also   and sponsored free veterinary care for local pets following Superstorm Sandy. In Congress, Nicole sponsored HR 1448 and HR 1022 to provide therapy dogs for veterans suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder and other eligible veterans, as well as HR 2840 to provide stringent regulations and prevent inhumane conditions by commercial dog breeders. Nicole was a   during the pandemic and ensure parents have a strong role in their children’s education. She led the fight against Mayor de Blasio’s plan to lower the admission standards for New York City’s   and close  . Nicole has worked to ensure that New York students have the resources they need to succeed in the classroom and life. She also wrote the state law responsible for preventing the closure of a local teen intervention center and she successfully intervened to protect traditional activities like the Father-Daughter Dance and cursive writing education when New York City sought to eliminate them from our schools. Nicole regularly meets with schoolchildren to promote initiatives like anti-littering and encourage a return to discipline and civility in the classroom. To ensure student safety, Nicole is   and provide immediate access to crisis mental health care services. \Nicole has cosponsored HR 3661 Alyssa’s Legacy Youth in Schools Safety Alert Act and HR 6056 the Parents Bill of Right Act. In Congress, Nicole is sponsoring the   to provide transparency and more parental input in school curriculum and she supports expanding   so over a million more students can receive the education their parents know is best. Nicole believes that reforms are required that   and  . This includes voter identification, regular maintenance of state voter rolls, stringent safeguards to prevent manipulation and abuse of absentee ballot voting and a streamlined process to ensure that credible claims of election fraud receive a thorough hearing before a judge. In Congress, Nicole has cosponsored the HR 322 the Save Our Democracy Act. She is also a   in our municipal elections. When the COVID pandemic hit, Nicole delivered over 100,000 PPE, collected food and raised money to help those in need and led the effort to help New York City’s small businesses and their employees after they were forced to close their doors. Nicole’s   and her   was no surprise. After Superstorm Sandy hit the shores of New York, taking lives and devastating neighborhoods a decade ago, Nicole immediately began delivering foods, water and clothing, and she organized clean-up efforts. She helped hundreds of families through the rebuilding process and earned national praise for her project restoring and returning recovered family photos. In Congress, Nicole was appointed to the House Select Committee on the Coronavirus Crisis. Nicole is a   who has worked in Albany and Washington, D.C. to protect her constituents on Staten Island and in Southern Brooklyn. During her first term in the House of Representatives, she secured the funds necessary and is helping cut bureaucratic red tape to complete the  , which experienced delays and funding deficiencies under her predecessor Max Rose. Previously, Nicole led the effort as a State Assemblywoman to secure $151 million in state funding to fund the project’s state share. After Nicole’s State Assembly district was the hardest hit by Superstorm Sandy on October 29, 2012, Nicole worked to combat beach erosion and prevent residential development in sensitive area wetlands, wrote a law requiring some neighborhoods destroyed by the storm to be returned to their natural state and supported a new law requiring state agencies to consider future climate risk due to rising sea levels and storm flooding. In the State Assembly, she also voted to establish goals for New York to   and  .  and the Ranking Member of the Subcommittee on International Development, International Organizations and Global Corporate Social Impact. She is also a member of the Subcommittee on Europe, Energy, the Environment and Cyber. As a State Assemblywoman, Nicole   and sponsored anti-Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions legislation, opposed the Obama Administration’s failed Iran Nuclear Deal and visited Israel, including Yad Vashem. In Congress, she cosponsored HR 1479 which would prevent the Biden Administration from reentering the Iran Nuclear Deal and  . Nicole also sponsored HR 529 to  , HR 377 condemning the human rights atrocities committed by the Maduro regime in Venezuela, HR 376 opposing the   and HR 4129 to authorize bilateral and multilateral engagement between the U.S., Greece, Israel, and Cyprus to promote strategy and defense cooperation. As the daughter of immigrants, Nicole understands the promise of the American Dream and has advocated for Washington to fix the broken immigration system that has left so many in the shadows. Nicole strongly supports   to stem the tide of illegal immigration, as well as increased investment in U.S. Customs and Border Protection and U.S. Customs and Immigration Enforcement.  In the New York State Assembly, Nicole   and laws providing state tuition assistance and drivers licenses to undocumented immigrants. Nicole   and sued New York City to prevent the destruction of background documents and other records associated with the IDNYC program, which provides New York City-issued identification cards to undocumented immigrants. In Congress, Nicole has taken a strong stand against illegal immigration cosponsoring HR 4828 requiring the federal government to secure our nation’s international borders, HR 1259 the Remain in Mexico Act and legislation to protect American taxpayers from being used to pay illegal immigrants in lawsuits against the United States government. Nicole is an   and   during her first congressional campaign. In the State Legislature, she   and opposed efforts to close Rikers Island and defund the police. As a Member of Congress, Nicole drafted and introduced legislation requiring municipalities to   before qualifying for federal funding. She also sponsored federal legislation to withhold federal funding from local governments that operate drug injection sites and cosponsored a bill providing financial incentives to states that require courts to consider the danger and individual poses to the community when setting bail and invest in law enforcement retention. She most recently introduced the   to expose and hold accountable left wing district attorneys who refuse to prosecute criminal activity. In the State Assembly, Nicole proudly   and, in her campaign for New York City Mayor, she fought against inequity in city property taxes—leading to the creation of a property tax commission to review the entire system. She was a   and, in Congress, Nicole has opposed efforts by House Democrats to repeal it. Nicole is a founding member of the Congressional SALT Caucus and a cosponsor of HR 613 to restore the State and Local Tax deduction and she has sponsored HR 5933 and 5985 to create inspectors general to root out waste, fraud and abuse in state spending and the budgets of major cities, like New York.  To help ensure that BBB’s provision enabling the Internal Revenue Service to track the financial transactions of every American from separately becoming law, she cosponsored the HR 5451 known as the Protecting Financial Privacy Act and HR 4485 the Prohibiting IRS Financial Surveillance Act.  As a State Assemblywoman, she successfully fought to restore local bus service, including continuous X1 express service and the restoration of B37 and S93 and weekend service on S76 and X27, and she has been a leader in the effort to upgrade MTA subway signals to Communication Based Train Control to was overcrowding and end service delays. Nicole   that led to the multi-trip discount on the Port Authority’s three Staten Island bridges and also waged a public fight with Governor Cuomo regarding the Verrazzano Bridget discount for Staten Island. In Congress, Nicole successfully led the effort to erase decades of systemic underfunding for New York’s transit needs, which led to New York receiving only 16% of federal mass transit funding while having over 30% of national ridership.   This includes more than $10 billion for the MTA, which it announced would prevent planned toll and fare increases. Nicole believes that we must do more to assist the brave men and women who have honorably served our country. In the State Assembly, she   for veterans and led the effort to  . She also passed legislation requiring a portion of state contracts to be awarded to service-disabled veterans. In Congress, Nicole has built upon this record by sponsoring HR 2475 to allow disabled veterans to use HOV lanes and cosponsoring HR 1476 to require the Department of Veterans Affairs to establish the PFC Joseph P. Dwyer Peer Support Program making grants to eligible entities for peer-to-peer mental health services for veterans. She has also led the effort to stop the Biden Administration from closing the VA’s Brooklyn Medical Center in Fort Hamilton and linking the VA’s Staten Island clinic with New Jersey.  Nicole strongly supports President Trump’s reforms to provide veterans with community care and she believes it’s vital to improve mental health services to combat homelessness, addiction and suicide among veterans.  Nicole Malliotakis has always fought for Staten Island and Brooklyn. Here are a few of the many accomplishments Nicole achieved for her constituents:Menu Menu Explore STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byprotect those without a voice improve conditions at animal shelters sponsored new state laws preventing animal cruelty leading voice to reopen New York City’s schools specialized high schools Gifted and Talented schools working to equip every school with a trained police officer and security equipment Parents’ Bill of Rights parental school choice make it easier to vote harder to cheat leading plaintiff in the pending lawsuit to stop New York City from allowing non-citizens to vote hands-on approach commitment to serving her constituents leader in environmental protection East Shore Sea Wall project reduce greenhouse gas emissions expand the use of renewable energy Nicole is a member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee stood with Israel impose sanctions on Hamas stand with the Cuban people against the communist government illegal occupation of Cyprus strengthening our border security She has also helped dozens of law-abiding New Yorkers, who followed the rules but got stuck in bureaucratic red tape, become American citizens. vocally opposed sanctuary city policies successfully led the effort to block legislation allowing illegal immigrants to register to vote in New York State ardent supporter of law enforcement earned the endorsement of every NYPD union voted against the state’s cashless bail law certify that they have not defunded their police departments “Prosecutors Need To Prosecute Act” voted against tax increases 336 times strong supporter of President Trump’s Tax Cuts and Jobs Act Nicole is widely credited with defeating Joe Biden’s massive $3.5 trillion socialist Build Back Better socialist spending plan. Nicole has been a passionate advocate for the unique transportation needs confronting her constituents on Staten Island and in Southern Brooklyn. sued the Port Authority to require the transparency Through the Bipartisan Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act, New York will receive a significant portion of this funding for mass transit, road and bridge repair, ferries, rail stations, and airports and sewer and water systems. successfully fought to restore funding for peer-to-peer counseling and mental health programs provide free college tuition to the children of military parents who died or were disabled in the line of duty She voted to provide medical coverage for Afghanistan and Iraq Veterans suffering from burn pit toxicity and expand the GI program for education. Currently, Nicole is leading the fight against the Biden Administration’s proposal to close the Brooklyn Veterans Affairs’ hospital. In Congress: In the State Assembly: NICOLEIn the News | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressIn the News                 
                                             
                                        SHARELINES                 
                                             
                                        MEDIA APPEARANCESMalliotakis slams the Cuomo-Hochul appointed parole board’s release of 34 cop killers & other murderers and urges New Yorkers to elect Lee Zeldin to restore law & order and accountability. As we mark the 48th Anniversary of Turkey’s illegal invasion and occupation of Cyprus, our allies in the Mediterranean face new threats by Erdogan. You don’t need to travel 11,000 miles and fist bump the Saudis. You can visit oil and natural gas producing states right here in the USA! Malliotakis discusses the Jose Alba case, Woke D.A. Bragg, Gov. Kathy Hochul’s refusal to fix bail reform and Biden’s open border policy. Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis appeared on Fox News to discuss the state of the economy and its effect on Americans. In Alvin Bragg’s NY, violent career criminals roam free while law abiding citizens left to fend for themselves like Jose Alba get punished. Governor Kathy Hochul should FIRE Backwards Bragg! On Stephen Colbert’s show, AOC once again took a page out of the Hugo Chavez socialist playbook and called for packing the Supreme Court. Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis appeared on Fox & Friends to discuss rising crime in New York. Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis calls out the Biden Administration on their response to the baby formula shortage.Menu Menu Nicole for Congress powered byMeet Nicole | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMeet Nicole                 As the representative for New York’s 11th Congressional District, Nicole is focused on government accountability and transparency, supporting law enforcement, securing our nation’s borders and combating the spread of socialism.was elected to the United States House of Representatives in November 2020, defeating an incumbent Democrat by more than 18,000 votes. She currently serves as Assistant Whip for the House Republican Conference and on the House Transportation and Infrastructure and Foreign Affairs committees. Congresswoman Malliotakis is the Ranking Member of the Subcommittee on International Development, International Organizations and Global Corporate Social Impact. She was also chosen to serve on the House Select Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Crisis.   Prior to her election to Congress, Nicole served in the New York State Assembly for five terms and, in 2017, she became a household name as the Republican nominee for Mayor of the City of New York against incumbent Mayor Bill de Blasio. During her mayoral run, Nicole won 67% of the vote in New York’s 11th Congressional District and held de Blasio accountable for the city’s high property taxes, bloated budget and status as a sanctuary city. In the State Assembly, Nicole was the leading voice against corrupt former Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver and his criminal conduct. She created more transparency in state government by opening committee meetings to public scrutiny through streaming on the internet and making votes taken in committee part of the public record. Nicole also successfully sued the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey to expose records that should have been public and she was the leading proponent of property tax reform in New York City. Recovery from   was a hallmark of her tenure as a member of the State Assembly, as her district, which encompassed the eastern shore of Staten Island, was among the hardest hit by the October 2012 storm. In addition, Nicole successfully fought to restore and   in her district, improve programs for  , and   in our state. She worked to improve New York’s economic climate and reduce the   She is also a passionate advocate for animal rights and the strengthening of   She is currently the only Republican member of Congress representing New York City and the only Hispanic Republican elected official citywide. New York’s 11th Congressional District spans the boroughs of Brooklyn and Staten Island. During her time in the Assembly, Assemblywoman Malliotakis was named one of 2012’s   by the Hispanic Coalition of New York, as well as a member of Greek America’s “Forty Under 40” Class of 2012 for which she was recognized at their annual National Innovation Convention. In 2013, she was named one of the   and addressed the 2013 Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC), for which MSNBC identified her as a “young conservative to watch.” As a state legislator, she also served as a board member of the   and as state director of the  Congresswoman Malliotakis frequently appears on numerous news programs on network and cable television including Fox News, Fox Business Network, PBS, CNBC and Bloomberg.Menu Menu A No-Nonsense Leader. Donate Now powered byNicole Malliotakis Hurricane Sandy expand transit service senior citizens reform education tax burden on small businesses and residents. animal cruelty laws. Congresswoman Malliotakis is the daughter of immigrants, her father from Greece and her mother a Cuban exile of the Castro dictatorship. “40 Under 40 Latino Rising Stars” American Conservative Union’s “Top 10 Under 40” World Hellenic Inter-Parliamentary Association National Foundation for Women Legislators.Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressIssuesTake Action & Volunteer Meet Nicole MalliotakisA NO NONSENSEFrom her dogged determination to expose the corrupt practices of disgraced Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver, taking the Port Authority to court over its lack of transparency and winning, to her battle to stop reckless MTA borrowing and Mayor de Blasio’s policy of harboring illegal immigrants convicted of crimes, Nicole has been “tireless” and “fearless” in her quest to protect the New York taxpayer from being “gouged” by tax. .⁦ ⁩ has abdicated his responsibility to keep our border secure to STOP the deadly flow of fentanyl & ma…  Why won’t Democrats secure our border and fix soft-on-crime policies to stop traffickers & dealers from killing Ame…  The election is over…now it’s back to business at usual in New York, where we have lousy laws, rogue prosecutors an…  Happy  to those who served to protect and preserve our great nation. May God bless our veterans and kee…  I hope   recognizes that half of our state wants to see public safety restored and that she meets the…PIX11 
                     
                     
                     
                 
                             
                 
                      FOX5 NY 
                     
                     
                     
                 
                             
                 
                      NY1 
                     
                     
                     
                 
                             
                 
                      New York Times 
                     
                     
                     
                 
                             
                 
                      Staten Island Advance 
                     
                     
                     
                 
                         
         
[theme_home_news_events_block pretitle=”Nicole Malliotakis” title=”NEWS & EVENTS” lm_button=”url:http%3A%2F%2Fnicole4ny.wpengine.com%2F|title:test||”] 
     
         
 
		 
 

 
 
     
     
         11/16/2022 08:23:55
     
 
 
 
		 
 

 
 
     
     
         11/15/2022 07:48:21
     
 
 
 
		 
 

 
 
     
     
         11/13/2022 16:56:04
     
 
 
 
		 
 

 
 
     
     
         11/11/2022 06:59:54
     
 
 
 
		 
 

 
 
     
     
         11/10/2022 16:11:54Menu Menu * * I'M IN! Donate Get Involved LEARN MORE 
			 
		 @NMalliotakis 
			 
		 @NMalliotakis 
			 
		 @NMalliotakis 
			 
		 @NMalliotakis 
			 
		 @NMalliotakis STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byLEADER FOR CONGRESS share share share share share NICOLENovember 09, 2022 November 08, 2022 November 08, 2022 November 08, 2022 November 05, 2022Malliotakis Blames Spike in Violent Crimes in New York on Democratic Policies | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis Blames Spike in Violent Crimes in New York on Democratic PoliciesCongresswoman Nicole Malliotakis appears on FOX to discuss the spike in violent crimes that have been seen in her home state of New York. While there, she discussed how bail reform policies and the defunding the police, have led to increased criminal activity and the release of individuals with extensive criminal histories.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Jun 28, 2021Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Malliotakis Slams Biden for His Response to Ongoing Unrest in Cuba Malliotakis: Biden Must Reject Radical Left if He Wants an Effective, Bipartisan Infrastructure Bill NICOLEOp-Ed | Nicole Malliotakis for Congress - Part 4Op-EdPosts navigationIn the final hours of the 2014 legislative session, the New York State Legislature took action on one of the most important issues of the year, passing sweeping measures to combat the prescription drug and heroin epidemic plaguing our communities. The Women’s Equality Act has been hotly contested for the past two years, and now is the time to come together and deliver legislation that helps New York’s women.  With graduation season underway, now is the time to raise awareness about one of the fastest growing problems facing our nation. The priorities of those governing New York seem to be lost in a quagmire, and we’re dangerously close to setting two very bad precedents.  Over the past three years, my colleagues and I have worked hard to turn a $10 billion deficit into what is projected to be a $2 billion surplus in 2014. South Brooklyn is a gem among our borough’s communities and the entire city. Business is booming, families are moving in and the community has never been more attractive. That’s why it is so critical that we take every measure possible to keep crime off our streets and protect our community. The 2013 legislative session was filled with philosophical differences and conflicts that slowed the progress made for New Yorkers over the last two years. Ideological debates hindered many important measures from moving forward. However, the state Assembly was able to deliver positive results for seniors in 2013. Every year at the end of the legislative session, many hot-button issues debated over the preceding months develop into bills taken up at the Capitol. A popular topic of discussion in 2013 has been the public financing of political campaigns. The governor’s executive budget proposal contains language that would eliminate spousal refusal, a vital protection afforded to our aging population. On February 12, a number of religious congregations in our community will lose their home of worship. Over 60 houses of worship hold services at public schools throughout the city and many of these groups are small churches that have rented space in public schools for years. Most would agree that a crime committed against a minor is among the lowest of the low. And when such a crime involves a sexual attack, it almost shocks the conscience. Last week, the legislature convened in Albany for an Extraordinary Session to take up a set of issues that were geared toward closing this year’s budget gap and reducing the deficit looming next year. Coming off an extremely successful legislative session that closed a $10 billion budget deficit without any new or increased taxes, Governor Cuomo has turned state government’s attention to job creation as our number one priority. Under their proposal, licensed drivers would be able to self-certify that they meet the proper vision requirements when renewing their license every eight years, more than enough time fora person’s vision to deteriorate. Over the last several months, Brooklyn’s beleaguered bus rider shave scored a pair of major victories with the restoration of service on the X27 and X28 bus lines.Menu Menu posts categorized in READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post … 4 STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare share share share share share share share share share share share share share share NICOLENewt Gingrich: Take a Look at the Firebrands Lining Up for 2020 | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressNewt Gingrich: Liberals—before you celebrate Republicans retiring, take a look at the firebrands lining up for 2020                 What the trivia-focused, national media doesn’t seem to understand is that members of Congress are supposed to retire. And there is a large, diverse, exciting crop of smart Republican candidates throughout the country, who are seeking to bring new blood to Congress.by Newt Gingrich It has been amazing to watch the national media’s coverage of the 2020 congressional elections so far. Virtually all the coverage has contained the same message: Republicans are retiring in droves, and this must mean 2020 will be a tough election for the GOP. Headlines, such as CNN’s "Here’s why members of the House GOP keep abandoning ship" and USA Today’s "More than a dozen Republicans are leaving Congress. Here are the lawmakers who aren’t running again in 2020" are prefect examples of the national media narrative. The problem with this narrative is it’s misleading and incomplete. Republicans like to hear new ideas from new people. Republicans like revolutions and change. That’s the reason our leadership has term limits and the average age of Republican members of elected leadership is 18 years younger than Nancy Pelosi and her Democratic leadership (53 vs 71). It’s why the average age of Republican ranking members in House committees is 60, versus 67 for the Democratic chairpersons. Consider this when you think about the images that the national media uses when it describes the parties in Congress. According to the media, the Democrats are all young, fresh-faced, idealistic members, while Republicans are all old members, who have served for eons.   
                                                     
         I spent a good part of last week in Washington meeting with the various Republican committees – and briefly with Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy. He was actually the one who got me thinking about this column. When I asked him about the most recent spate of retirements, he told me he just wasn’t worried about it. He then rattled off several new House candidates, who he thought would bring many new, good ideas to Washington. This led me to do my own research, and Leader McCarthy was right. I have been told that the National Republican Congressional Committee has met with more than 450 people interested in seeking office. More than 100 were women, more than 100 were minorities, and more than 100 were veterans. Here are a few examples (I don’t personally know, and have not met, many of the candidates, but I wanted to share a flavor): This is just a small sample of candidates who will breathe a great deal of new life into – and bring many new ideas to – Washington in a new Republican Majority. So, remember this the next time you see an article or pundit discussing the dire straits for Republicans in 2020: The real story isn’t about retirements – it’s about revolution.Sep 19, 2019Menu Menu Newsweek other donate now other donate now NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byChip in to help us reach our fundraising goal: No one in the national media is telling the story of the tremendous recruitment effort the GOP is engaging. Nor are any mainstream outlets doing profile pieces on new, first-time GOP candidates (nothing like we saw with the rise of Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez). Nicole Malliotakis (NY-11) Chip in to help us reach our fundraising goal: Republican challenges Staten Island’s Max Rose, who now favors impeachment inquiry Summer Proves Big For GOP Congressional Candidate Malliotakis NICOLEBrooklyn's last standing Republican Nicole Malliotakis talks to the Spectator | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressBrooklyn’s last standing Republican Nicole Malliotakis talks to the SpectatorBrooklyn’s last remaining Republican lawmaker is ready to take on some new challenges. When the Blue Wave swept over the former Republican stronghold of Southern Brooklyn and Staten Island in 2018, it took with it incumbent pols U.S. Rep. Dan Donovan and State Sen. Marty Golden, leaving Assemblymember Nicole Malliotakis the last Republican representing any part of Brooklyn. Malliotakis’ 64th Assembly District spans portions of Staten Island and Bay Ridge. Serving her fifth term and ninth year in office, Malliotakis is now running for New York’s 11th Congressional District seat, currently held by Max Rose. Malliotakis is the daughter of immigrants; her father is an immigrant from Greece and her mother is a Cuban exile of the Castro dictatorship. She was the first Hispanic-American elected from Richmond County. She graduated from Wagner College and has served in the Assembly since 2011. Prior to being elected, Malliotakis served as a liaison for the late State Sen. John Marchi and Gov. George Pataki. Subsequent to Pataki’s departure from office, she worked as a public affairs manager for Con Edison, focusing on the state’s energy, economic and environmental policies. In addition, she has fought to restore and expand transit service in both Brooklyn and Staten Island, improve programs for senior citizens and reform education in the state. She has worked to improve New York’s economic climate and reduce the tax burden on small businesses and residents. She is also a passionate advocate for animal rights and strengthening animal cruelty laws. She also was a candidate in the last mayoral election, running against incumbent Mayor Bill de Blasio. Malliotakis was able to win both sides of the 11th C.D., receiving 58 percent of the vote on the Brooklyn side and 70 percent on the Staten Island side. Malliotakis took the time to answer some questions for this paper.  Why leave a successful position as assemblymember for a congressional run?  There are two reasons: the local reason and the national implications of this seat. One, when I ran for the Assembly, I set out to change the culture of Albany, hold Speaker Sheldon Silver accountable, fight for bus restoration in my district and be a voice for the taxpayers. And during that time we’ve done some really great things in terms of getting rid of Silver, and number two, bringing transparency to Albany. We’ve successfully pushed for rule changes that would require that all committee votes be accessible to the public so you know how your representative votes behind closed doors in committee meetings, and restored bus service in the south Brooklyn area, particularly the X27 weekend express bus service and the B37 local bus service. Those were cut under my predecessor. And a lot of times, because I’m in the minority in the Assembly, a large part of my job is stopping bad pieces of legislation from becoming law. Over the years we’ve been successful in doing that — blocking bad pieces of legislation that were not in the taxpayers’ interest. So, having been in the Assembly now for nine years, and having fought as hard as I can on behalf of my constituents, it’s time for someone with a fresh perspective to come into state government and carry on that fight. I feel that I have a better platform to fight for my constituents as a member of Congress and I feel it’s important that New York City has at least one Republican voice in Washington. And even Democrats should want at least one voice of opposition to what [Rep. Alexandria} Ocasio-Cortez and other members are proposing, because it’s best when you have both sides of the spectrum represented so you end up with better policy. Right now we don’t have that.  You are the last Republican standing in Brooklyn. That must be both rewarding one sense and frustrating in another, especially in light of the last election where Republicans lost both the Senate and Congressional seats.  This last year in Albany has been very frustrating because I’ve seen a flip in the Senate. I lost a good partner in [former State Sen.] Marty Golden and a lot of the policies that I fought so hard to stop over the last eight years are becoming law. But, really it’s about bringing in a fresh perspective. We have a candidate emerging in Michael Tannousis [who is running in the 64th A.D.], and others who may be interested in running. I’m confident that the lone Republican voice in the state legislature from Brooklyn will remain. It’s important for balance to have alternative perspectives.  Do you feel the Conservative/Republican presence is still strong within your district?  I do. I think that it is a very diverse district, ethnically, economically as well as physically. It is also a swing district because I was able to take a seat from a Democrat, Janele Hyer-Spencer. So, I think that this is a district where people are engaged, they do their homework and they vote for the person they feel will best represent them and fight for them. And I’ve been honored that they’ve chosen me to do that for the last nine years.  Let’s talk about a few recent issues you confronted. You helped the automatic voter registration bill get pulled from the Assembly agenda by finding a loophole that would have made undocumented immigrants eligible to vote.  Yes, I was against New York State extending licenses for illegal immigrants. And subsequent to that, they attempted to pass legislation that would have automatically registered everyone who applied for a driver’s license to vote. The burden would have fallen on the applicant to say that they were not eligible. So, if someone walked into a DMV with a foreign passport and they applied for a driver’s license, that application would be automatically forwarded to the Board of Elections to have them registered to vote unless the individual was honest and opted out and said ‘I’m not eligible.’ It made absolutely no sense. Why would the state pass on an application if someone used a foreign passport? So, we exposed the bill because it would have led to non-citizens being registered to vote. Gov. Cuomo backed us up on that claim and the bill was pulled from the agenda at the 11th hour on the last day of the session. It’s something I’m continuing to keep my eye on if they try to make some changes and sneak it through again. I’m going to keep vigilant on this in case they try to pass it through again. We want to protect the integrity of our elections and make sure that only United States citizens vote. Spectator: And recently you stood with some fellow lawmakers to promote legislation to criminalize water attacks on police.  I think there’s a lot of rhetoric that’s come from New York politicians that have put our police in danger, made their job more difficult and tied their hands. It has led to this type of anarchy where people think that they can disrespect our police officers and disregard the rule of law. And the message has to be sent that it will not be tolerated. I don’t believe that Mayor de Blasio has been strong enough in denouncing these water attacks on our police officers. And the police officers that I speak with don’t feel like the mayor has their back. Instead of us, he should have been on the steps of City Hall condemning the attacks. Instead, he was in Detroit on a debate stage, further disparaging our officers. So, we’re proud to stand with our civil service workers, our uniformed workers. They need to be respected. They have a job to do and they do it well, and we cannot tolerate any assault on them.  You’re in your fifth term in the Assembly and have served for nine years. That’s a remarkable achievement. What are some of your proudest accomplishments?  Even though the Democratic Party took control of the legislature, we’ve had successes this year gaining mental health funding for veterans and covering the tuition costs for Gold Star families and children of men and women killed or injured in duty, and stopping a bill that would have automatically registered non-citizens to vote. That’s why we have a two-party system — to make sure that we have representatives who will stand up and speak out when the majority is not doing the right thing.  One last question, if you could give Bill de Blasio some advice about running for president, what would it be?  Just don’t run. Just don’t run for anything ever again.Aug 07, 2019Menu Menu Brooklyn Spectator NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered bySpectator: Malliotakis: Spectator: Malliotakis: Spectator: Malliotakis: Spectator: Malliotakis: Malliotakis: Spectator: Malliotakis: Spectator: Malliotakis: Assemblywoman Malliotakis Visits Israel As She Kicks Off Congressional Campaign Malliotakis trolls de Blasio while he’s campaigning in Iowa NICOLERepublican challenges Staten Island's Max Rose, who now favors impeachment inquiry | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressRepublican challenges Staten Island’s Max Rose, who now favors impeachment inquiryNicole Malliotakis, a Republican from Staten Island, is running for Congress in the 11th District, hoping to unseat Democrat Max Rose. Rose, in her opinion, just flip flopped on calling for impeachment proceedings against President Trump.Oct 07, 2019Menu Menu PIX11 NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byMalliotakis: Mother Cabrini got the votes — but not the statue. Why? Newt Gingrich: Take a Look at the Firebrands Lining Up for 2020 NICOLEMalliotakis: Mother Cabrini got the votes — but not the statue. Why? | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMother Cabrini got the votes -- but not the statue. Why?Originally published in the  Mayor Bill de Blasio and his wife Chirlane McRay seem obsessed with statues. First it was Mayor de Blasio’s misguided plan to rid the city of a wide range of historical statues, ranging from Christopher Columbus to Teddy Roosevelt, because he and his far left cronies deemed they were offensive to people of color. His plan failed miserably after stirring justifiable anger among the city’s Italian community as well as among common sense New Yorkers who realize that you don’t rewrite the history of a nation and banish beautiful and significant pieces of public art to some dusty municipal warehouse. Over the past 18 months the city’s First Lady has gotten into the act with an initiative called “She Built NYC” which intends to remedy the gender imbalance of historical statues in public places; currently only 5 out of 150 statues on city property represent women. Don’t get me wrong, as a woman I feel that’s a great idea because everyone realizes that women built this city, too. What concerns me is, once again, political correctness and a far left bias have crept into a process that should be focused on historical standing and accomplishments. The woman who received the most nominations for a statue, more than double the second place finisher, was Mother Frances Cabrini (Saint Frances Xavier Cabrini within the Catholic faith), an immigrant and nun who personally and through orphanages, hospitals and schools founded by her and the religious order she started, touched the lives of literally hundreds of thousands of New Yorkers and Americans. In the late 1800s, when another perceived immigration crisis was facing our nation, she arrived in New York City and set about helping the huddled masses of Italian immigrants who had recently arrived penniless in a strange new country with little knowledge of the language, culture and what it would take to survive in their new home. Mother Cabrini carried out her mission without assistance from the city government; shortly after her arrival in our city she begged on the streets of Little Italy for the money needed to build an orphanage. She would build and operate schools throughout the Bronx, Manhattan and Brooklyn as well as other community facilities. She founded hospitals in Manhattan that would later merge into the Cabrini Medical Center in Manhattan before finally closing in 2008. The institutions she founded are testament to her actions; between her arrival in New York in 1889 and her death in Chicago 28 years later, she founded and built 67 different institutions in New York and across the U.S. as well as in South America and Europe, all of which benefitted the poor, the infirmed or cared for and educated children. The ancestors of many New York residents, especially members of the Italian-American community in Brooklyn and Staten Island, personally benefitted from her works and the institutions she founded and thousands still visit the shrine dedicated to her in upper Manhattan where the remains of America’s first Catholic saint rest. Earlier in the year, She Built NYC announced the first seven women to be memorialized. Among familiar names like Billie Holiday and Congresswoman Shirley Chisholm are Marsha Johnson (born Michael Malcolm, Jr.) and Sylvia Rivera (born Ray Rivera). Their claim to fame seems to be that they were drag queens who co-founded an organization known as STAR (Street Transvestite Action Revolutionaries), were active in the Stonewall Riots and are considered to be at the vanguard of the Transgender Rights movement. Combined they received 86 nominations compared to Mother Cabrini’s 219. But, let’s not make this into a popularity contest. Let’s look at the hard cold facts. Do the exercise we were all taught as children; draw a line down the center of a piece of paper and list the achievements and the number people who benefited from it. In a city of immigrants Mother Cabrini wins hands down. The problem is, that would be a common sense approach and as anybody will tell you, common sense left City Hall on December 31, 2013, when Michael Bloomberg walked out of the Office of the Mayor for the last time. When common sense fails, action is necessary. Take a few minutes to sit down and call, email or write Mayor de Blasio and First Lady Chirlane McCray. Tell them the time has come to honor Mother Frances Cabrini, the patron saint of immigrants, for the mark she left on our city of immigrants, our nation and all the generations of people who have benefitted from her acts of charity.Oct 10, 2019Menu Menu Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis other donate now NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byJoin Nicole Malliotakis today: The 10 most vulnerable House members in 2020: Democrats dominate Republican challenges Staten Island’s Max Rose, who now favors impeachment inquiry NICOLENew York's New Criminal Justice Reforms Need Reform | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressNew York’s New Criminal Justice Reforms Need Reform                 The first role of any government is the protection of its citizensWith the New Year quickly approaching, the vast majority of law-abiding New Yorkers are deeply concerned about the criminal justice reforms set to take effect on January 1st, 2020. Perhaps the most concerning in this package of “reforms” are the changes that will transform how bail is used and administered in criminal courts across New York State. It’s estimated that under the bail reforms, approximately 90 percent of those arrested will either be set free within a matter of hours, with nothing more than their court papers and their promise to appear for their court date or, in many cases, will simply receive a desk appearance ticket and continue on their merry way without even being arrested. What makes these drastic changes all the more troubling is the fact that this legislation was passed in the middle of the night, as part of the state budget process, with no input or testimony from law enforcement, district attorneys or the court system which is charged with administering the reforms. In short, this was an end run by the Democrats in the state legislature to bypass any meaningful hearings or debate, which was in turn affirmed and made into law with the signature of Governor Andrew Cuomo. It is widely acknowledged that the first role of any government is the protection of its citizens. The bail reform legislation turns that concept upside down by giving protections to the criminal class while putting the property and well-being of law-abiding citizens at imminent risk, starting at 12:01 a.m. on New Year’s Day. This is not a partisan issue; it’s a common sense issue that must be addressed. Just ask Staten Island District Attorney Mike McMahon. He’s a Democrat who will tell you why bail reform is wrong for our city and state. Or read the Op-Ed (NY Post-6/16/19) written by David Soares, the Albany County district attorney, who is also a Democrat and a self-described “progressive prosecutor,” who described the reform package as “laws dismantling order.” Sadly, Brooklyn’s District Attorney, Eric Gonzalez, is welcoming these changes with open arms. Law enforcement representatives around the state, including the unions representing the men and women of the NYPD, are deeply concerned. The same holds true for state troopers, sheriffs and municipal police chiefs who patrol rural areas of our state and who are worried about how these changes will impact the communities they protect. Whether they patrol the streets of Brooklyn or huge areas of the Adirondacks, their response is pretty much the same; these so-called reforms will put the lives and property of New Yorkers at risk.For the safety of all New Yorkers there are a number of myths associated with bail reform that need to be immediately addressed: The myth that this law only applies to low-level criminals, when in fact it will put individuals charged with a host of serious crimes — including those charged with strangulation, drug dealing, certain assaults and even criminally negligent homicide — back on the street. The myth that this law only applies to first time offenders, when in fact, even those with lengthy “rap sheets” will be allowed to walk free. The myth that, under this law, dangerous criminals may be held without bail, when in fact, it is not addressed in the legislation. The myth that there is always judicial discretion, when in fact, this law removes almost all of a judge’s discretion and many of those arrested will simply be handed a summons, released and won’t see a judge until weeks later, when and if they appear in court. The myth that information concerning witnesses will remain confidential until shortly before the trial, when in fact, the names of witnesses and their contact information will be released to the accused within 15 days of the arrest date, an action that will make the witnesses ripe for intimidation. In addition, we need to examine our court system closely to confirm that the accused are receiving their constitutionally-protected right to a speedy trial and, if necessary, be prepared to enact the needed reforms and improvements to the system. Over 5,000 New Yorkers have   on my website, which calls for immediate action to block implementation of the bail reform legislation. To this end, I recently wrote a letter to Gov. Cuomo suggesting he call an Extraordinary Session of the legislature and request that his colleagues, the Democrat leaders of the Assembly and Senate, take legislative action to delay implementation of bail reform until there has been time to review the legislation and hear testimony from concerned New Yorkers who will be impacted by it. The response I received from the Governor’s Office has been total silence! It’s time for residents of our city and state to pick up their phones and call Gov. Cuomo’s New York City office at 212-681-4580 to tell them that bail reform is a threat to law, order and the safety of our citizens, and its implementation must be stopped. Gov. Cuomo has a short window of opportunity to protect our citizens from a piece of ill-conceived and hastily passed legislation that will do more to protect the criminal class than law-abiding New Yorkers. I genuinely hope he has the courage and fortitude to take the necessary action before year’s end.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Dec 19, 2019Menu Menu Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byThis Op-Ed originally appeared in the  share Malliotakis: Rose Cut Bad Deal for Commuters Using Verrazzano Watch: Malliotakis on Fox & Friends Discusses Drivers Licenses for Illegal Immigrants NICOLESchiff Money Will Taint the House Impeachment Vote | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressSchiff Money Will Taint the House Impeachment Voteby Nicole Malliotakis We’re all familiar with the phrase “follow the money” which was popularized by “All the President’s Men,” the 1976 film on the Watergate break-in and the subsequent downfall of President Nixon. Now, more than four decades later, the phrase still holds true, though this time it applies to Members of Congress and not the resident of the White House. With his 3-plus years of anti-Trump rhetoric, and a congressional district that contains Hollywood, Congressman Adam Schiff has managed to raise in excess of $4 million since the start of 2019 and, with nearly a year remaining, he is on target to surpass the more than $6 million he raised for his 2018 reelection campaign. Raising such a large war chest, one might presume that Congressman Schiff has been facing tough challenges from Republican opponents. Actually it’s just the opposite; in the last four general elections he’s won his race with nearly 80% of the vote. While, historically, he has spent less than $1 million per race on communicating with his voters and constituents. So where is Adam Schiff’s newfound money going? Federal Election Commission reports show that Congressman Schiff has found a multitude of ways to spend his impressive haul; including a 3-day period in mid-June where his campaign committee issued a series of $2,000 checks to 44 Members of Congress, almost all of which are Democrats in their freshman term having been elected to Congress in 2018. Among those from New York are Rep. Anthony Brindisi and Rep. Antonio Delgado, both from upstate, and Rep. Max Rose, who is my opponent in New York’s 11th Congressional District in Staten Island and South Brooklyn.   
                                                     
         It’s not unusual for Members of Congress to share their fundraising bounty with like-minded colleagues in tough races. But, in 2019, things are different and are amplified by Rep. Schiff’s over six-fold increase in donations in one election cycle. The difference this year is the impeachment frenzy that grips Washington and the role Rep. Schiff plays in the process. Impeachment is clearly very profitable for Congressman Schiff. You see, Adam Schiff’s role in the impeachment process is that of a prosecutor and the House of Representatives is basically a grand jury that will decide whether or not there are grounds to proceed with a Senate trial of President Trump. To put it simply, if a local District Attorney was caught transferring money to members of the grand jury pool months before they were empanelled, the D.A. would be disgraced, out of a job, and probably looking at a stiff prison sentence. Now, normally a candidate’s values and policies drive donations, but when the appearance of impropriety is staring you right in the face you have to ask what is driving this massive increase in donations to Schiff and his massive number of transfers-out. What makes this scenario all the more disturbing is the fact the money donated appears to only be a down payment on the money that could potentially flow to these 44 Democrats from the same Hollywood crowd and deep pocketed liberals who have catapulted Schiff to become one of the top 5 fundraisers in the House. It’s become incumbent for fair-minded Americans to call on every House Democrat who has received contributions from Rep. Schiff to immediately return the donation(s) or, if they keep the funds, to pledge to abstain from any future votes on impeachment. Last week, I called on my opponent, Rep. Max Rose, to immediately return the $2,000 he received. His silence on the topic has been deafening. The fact of the matter is, there are 43 other Members of Congress in the exact same position, 43 elected officials who need to be called-out for accepting these funds and 43 public servants who will undoubtedly turn a deaf-ear to constituents who call for the return of these “donations.” Its cynical displays like this that disgust fair minded people. It’s another example as to why Congress is viewed so unfavorably. It’s time the American people set the record straight and send a strong message to the House Democrats that hypocrisy won’t sell well in an election year.Nov 25, 2019Menu Menu Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis other donate now other donate now NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byChip in and Stand with Nicole: Chip in and Stand with Nicole: Malliotakis takes aim at Rep. Rose over delayed North American trade deal The 10 most vulnerable House members in 2020: Democrats dominate NICOLERepublican delegation asks city to open beaches, golf and tennis courts, citing mental health | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressRepublican delegation asks city to open beaches, golf and tennis courts, citing mental healthMay 11, 2020Menu Menu Staten Island Advance NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byMalliotakis: Reopening New York Starts with Common Sense Steps Loved ones pack into the Island’s cemeteries as gates open up for Mother’s Day NICOLEOp-Ed | Nicole Malliotakis for Congress - Part 3Op-EdPosts navigationAnother Supreme Court nomination by a Republican president, another attempt to use cynical scare tactics by the Empire State’s own version of Chicken Little. The sudden and shocking resignation of state Attorney General Eric Schneiderman has brought to light the archaic legal guidelines for replacing the Empire State’s chief law enforcement officer or its controller if the elected official resigns or dies while in office. On July 17, 2017, during my campaign for mayor, I issued a news release containing the following headline: “Mayor Turns a Blind Eye as Sexual Assaults Climb.” Mayor de Blasio and his aides denied any such increase and in fact, during our first debate, the mayor went so far as to attack me for employing what he called “a classic right-wing Republican scare tactic.” New Yorkers were recently awarded a dubious distinction; residents of the Empire State were found to be the most highly taxed people in the United States. Money doesn’t grow on trees. In New York City, it grows on houses. At least that’s what City Hall seems to believe, with its consistent, steep increase of the property-tax levy — the amount of money our mayor and City Council have sought from property owners to pay for the city’s lavish spending. You can now ride the subway for free. At least that is the message being sent by progressive prosecutors. As the NFL playoffs approach, New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio and City Council Speaker Melissa Mark-Viverito have found their political football. Since Donald Trump’s election, they’ve seen an opportunity to rally their base by amplifying rhetoric that city records must be destroyed to protect illegal immigrants from deportation by the incoming Trump administration. Their victories are a great source of pride for all New Yorkers and should be celebrated. However, in states across the country, including ours, the medalists are congratulated with a tax bill. Earlier this month, state legislators adopted a budget that will strike a fatal blow to the historically troubled MTA. The budget authorizes the agency to increase its debt limit to a whopping $55 billion from an already unsustainable $37 billion. Each year, we should be making headway for New York’s struggling college students. We should be addressing the ever-increasing costs of higher education and adopting measures that ensure current and prospective students have the opportunity to earn a college degree without being burdened with debt come graduation day. Instead, we are seeing actions that will do the opposite. Tyrone Howard, who viciously killed Police Officer Holder Tuesday night, benefited from misguided “reform” to our state’s drug laws to get out of prison and back on the streets. While many of us spend the winter months daydreaming about warmer days, others have made the permanent move elsewhere. Their reason for leaving New York, however, is not solely for sunnier weather. Two years ago, following the use of taxpayer funds to cover up sexual harassment in the state Assembly, I was among those who called for Speaker Sheldon Silver to resign.  A few weeks ago, the MTA unveiled its 2015 Capital Plan. Despite its $32 billion price tag, projects important to Southwest Brooklyn and the outer boroughs are, once again, nowhere to be found.  When I entered the state legislature in 2011, I couldn’t believe the amount of paper wasted every day. Hundreds of pages of different drafts of bills are put on our chamber desks, sent to our offices, and placed in meeting rooms of the various committees we serve on, despite most legislators reading the bills beforehand and oftentimes electronically.Menu Menu posts categorized in READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post 3 STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare share share share share share share share share share share share share share share NICOLEBrooklyn Riders draw line in the sand | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressBrooklyn Riders draw line in the sandOver the last several months, Brooklyn’s beleaguered bus rider shave scored a pair of major victories with the restoration of service on the X27 and X28 bus lines. These routes provide vital service to Brooklyn’s commuters who need access to midtown Manhattan for basic purposes like going to work, visiting family,or seeing a doctor. Certainly, this is a step in the right direction by the MTA and shows that the agency has begun to take our needs as commuters in Brooklyn seriously. The public has made it clear, however, that the MTA has plenty of work left in front them. In June, I launched www.givememybusback.com,an online petition drive to tell the MTA that our riders have had enough of paying more money for less service. Less than two months later, hundreds of people have signed on to make their voices heard. Here in Brooklyn, we’re tired of the nickel-and-diming that the MTA uses to fund its bloated, inefficient bureaucracy. The problem goes beyond bridge tolls and fare hikes, although that area is certainly a cause for concern. In recent years, the state legislature has allowed the MTA to reach into the pockets of business owners, job-creators and the taxpayers of our communities. It recently increased taxes and fees on utilities, vehicle registration, and driver’s license fees, among other necessities. In addition, the MTA Payroll Tax has been particularly disastrous,forcing a surcharge on business owners within the agency’s service region for every dollar they issue in payroll, another incentive for business owners to eliminate jobs or leave the state. Yet, the MTA’s assault on taxpayers doesn’t stop there. The petroleum business tax bolsters the agency’s coffers. The bank tax,the auto rental tax, taxicab surcharges and a litany of other taxes and fees are funneled straight to the MTA. There is virtually noway to escape the financial net that has been cast. What compounds this problem of skyrocketing taxes and fees is the fact the services are actually decreasing. In Brooklyn, even though riders are forced to dig deeper into their wallets time and time again, crucial services like the B37 bus line and weekend express bus service are still nowhere to be seen. There is no return on the investment put down by Brooklyn’s commuters, which is the foundation for the problems plaguing the MTA as a whole. The most effective vessel for change in a situation where a business is failing its customers is the customers themselves. In this instance, the riders of Brooklyn need to continue to make their voices heard, telling the MTA that we won’t pay more for less I am extremely thankful to the constituents who have joined my fight and signed my petition, and I encourage all the commuters in our community to visit www.givememybusback.com to send a clear message to the MTA that we have had enough!by Team Nicole on
                                                        Aug 05, 2011Menu Menu Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byThis Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis originally appeared in the  share DMV was wrong to remove eye test NICOLEMTA Payroll tax stifling economic growth | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMTA Payroll tax stifling economic growthComing off an extremely successful legislative session that closed a $10 billion budget deficit without any new or increased taxes, Governor Cuomo has turned state government’s attention to job creation as our number one priority. Our main goal is to send a signal to job creators and business owners around the world that New York is open for business,furthering our efforts to attract the employment we need to turn our economy around. Yet, among the miles of red tape we heap on business owners in New York, one tax is so onerous that it is directly disincentivizing businesses from hiring new employees. The levy in question is the MTA payroll tax. The message that the MTA payroll tax sends to business owners,non-profits and job creators is that we will penalize you for every single job you create; every single dollar you pay in salary. This fee hits businesses right where it counts, taking a chunk out of their ability to hire employees. In a time of fiscal crisis,state government needs to cut costs wherever possible. By preventing businesses from meeting their full hiring potential, we are driving up unemployment and adding a gigantic burden to the state’s coffers. No matter how you slice it, this is a regressive tax hitting job creators at the worst time possible — a prolonged,economic slump. While the tax takes a heavy toll on our economy, it strikes our schools as well. Both public and private schools face this levy,forcing them to choose between eliminating curriculum and programs or laying off faculty. As Mayor Bloomberg proposes massive layoffs across the city’s school system, now is not the time for state government to pinch our schools’ budgets any further. Public schools are reimbursed for their payments, but there is not enough money in the coffers to cover the cost even temporarily. Furthermore, private schools receive no refund, and when private schools are forced to close,the students have to transfer into public schools, at a higher cost to taxpayers. The MTA is one of the linchpins that make our city function. It isa crucially important agency that millions of New Yorkers rely on every day to get to work, see their doctor and visit their loved ones. We certainly need to support the MTA. However, the payroll tax is the wrong way to do so.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Oct 29, 2011Menu Menu Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byThis Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis originally appeared in the  share A huge win for Brooklyn DMV was wrong to remove eye test NICOLEDMV was wrong to remove eye test | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressDMV was wrong to remove eye testAcross the board, New York State has taken steps to increase efficiency and cut back on waste. At the Department of Motor Vehicles, however, officials discussed this sorely needed increase in efficiency by removing an evaluation of one of the basic elements of one’s ability to drive – the ability to see. Under their proposal, licensed drivers would be able to self-certify that they meet the proper vision requirements when renewing their license every eight years, more than enough time fora person’s vision to deteriorate. This would remove the necessity of reading the eye-chart we have grown so accustomed to seeing behind DMV counters or having a doctor sign paperwork verifying the driver’s vision meets the standards to operate a vehicle. One would not help but feel apprehensive about driving, or even walking, on our roads without being assured that drivers are of the requisite physical condition to safely operate an automobile. During the summer, a woman caused a five-car accident while attempting to make a U-turn on Third Avenue. Earlier this month,the driver of a truck crossed two lanes before causing a three-car pile-up on Seventh Avenue. And just two weeks ago, 65th Street experienced another accident which resulted in a driver being taken to the hospital by ambulance. This is not to say that these accidents could have been prevented by more stringent DMV vision standards – in fact, the primary cause of a number of those accidents was intoxication – but it does show how dangerous our roads can be. Could we really afford to ignore such a vital component of a driver’s ability when determining whether he or she is fit to drive? Fortunately, due to public criticism, the DMV has decided to maintain the traditional vision testing requirement until further evaluation. However, I am prepared to introduce legislation, if necessary, to ensure that completing a vision examination remains a requirement when renewing a driver’s license. It is my hope that the DMV’s moment of clarity regarding the necessity of vision evaluation is a permanent one, and that the drivers and pedestrians of Bay Ridge can avoid an unnecessary danger.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Oct 07, 2011Menu Menu Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byThis Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis originally appeared in the  share MTA Payroll tax stifling economic growth Brooklyn Riders draw line in the sand NICOLEA huge win for Brooklyn | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressA huge win for BrooklynLast week, the legislature convened in Albany for an Extraordinary Session to take up a set of issues that were geared toward closing this year’s budget gap and reducing the deficit looming next year. Governor Cuomo constructed a legislative package that offered a win-win scenario for people in Bay Ridge and all across Brooklyn -a cut to income taxes and a roll-back of the disastrous MTA Payroll Tax that has bankrupted our schools, and forced jobs out of our community. Her, in the 60th Assembly District, you’re more likely to see a dinosaur walking down Fifth Avenue than a millionaire. That’s why passing tax cuts for the middle class was so important to our community – the people that will be affected by the tax code changes are our neighbors, shop owners, friends and family. Even high earners will pay less in taxes next year than they did in2011. These are the common-sense measures we need in state government to stop hemorrhaging population like New York has had over the past decade. Perhaps the biggest victory for Brooklyn taxpayers, however, was the drastic scale-down of the MTA payroll tax. This is a fee that prevents employers from bringing in new employees and forces schools to choose between paying for teachers and funding vital curriculum. Here in Bay Ridge, we all know that no amount of revenue will ever be enough for the mismanaged MTA coffers. The legislation passed this week will not only alleviate the burden on nearly 80 percent of the business owners that were paying this tax, but it will finally address the inequity and injustice regarding payments from schools. Previously, public schools were being reimbursed for their payments while private and parochial schools were left to shoulder the burden. Now, all schools will be fully exempt from the payroll tax,providing overdue fair treatment for private and public schools. Last month, I hosted a series of public forums that gathered input from local businesses, organizations, commuters and taxpayers about how the tax affected their lives, and I am happy to say that our voices have been heard loud and clear. The next step is pushing for a full repeal of the tax, and I plan on using last week’s momentum to see this through until the end. With confidence in government at an all-time low, the bipartisan accomplishments made in last week’s session serve as a reminder that government works best when we listen to the will of the people. That’s why I do everything I can to make myself available to my constituents – we can only succeed if we continue to work together!by Team Nicole on
                                                        Dec 19, 2011Menu Menu Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byThis Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis originally appeared in the  share Need for tougher punishment of sexual predators MTA Payroll tax stifling economic growth NICOLENeed for tougher punishment of sexual predators | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressNeed for tougher punishment of sexual predatorsMost would agree that a crime committed against a minor is among the lowest of the low. And when such a crime involves a sexual attack, it almost shocks the conscience. Frighteningly, a significant amount of sexual predators are repeat offenders. The Bureau of Justice Statistics has found that within three years following their release, 5.3 percent of sex offenders were subsequently arrested for another sex crime. This means that roughly one out of every 19 sexual predators released from incarceration will prey on at least one more innocent victim.And this only accounts for those who’ve been caught. We experienced a sobering example of this right here in southwest Brooklyn, where a teenage boy was abducted from the 53rdStreet train station and forcibly raped. The suspect was convicted of an eerily similar act in 1999 and has been linked to another sexual attack less than three years ago,also at the 53rd Street station. With their disproportionate threat of recidivism, sexual predators must be subjected to more aggressive penalties to reduce the occurrence of tragedies like this. In early October, I announced that I would partner with State Senator Marty Golden to introduce legislation that will increase the penalties for predators who attempt to lure or entice a child by various means. The bill would enhance penalties for those who solicit youths for criminal activity or sexual encounters by using a vehicle,meeting in a secluded area, or through social media. The legislation would increase the penalty to a class D felony when a person over the age of 18 is found guilty of attempting to lure or entice a child under the age of 17 into a vehicle, building or other isolated area for the purposes of committing a criminal offense. Current law charges those who endanger the welfare of a child in such instances with a class A misdemeanor. The increased penalty would also apply to those who lure or harass knowingly, someone under the age of 17, by means of computer communication in order to solicit a sexual encounter or to commit a criminal offense with or against. Current law does not specifically address the harassment of a child via computer. This legislation would help minimize such unconscionable acts against the more vulnerable members of our community, and I intend to work closely with my colleagues to see it become law. We must ensure sexual predators stay behind bars, out of our community, and away from our children.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Jan 05, 2012Menu Menu Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byThis Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis originally appeared in the  share Keeping faith-based organizations from ending up homeless A huge win for Brooklyn NICOLEKeeping faith-based organizations from ending up homeless | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressKeeping faith-based organizations from ending up homelessOn February 12, a number of religious congregations in our community will lose their home of worship. Over 60 houses of worship hold services at public schools throughout the city and many of these groups are small churches that have rented space in public schools for years. These organizations will now be forced to relocate because of the unfair and misguided decision by the city’s Department of Education (DOE) to evict only these rent-paying organizations from their homes. The DOE is unfairly targeting religious institutions that have the same right to rent public spaces as any other group. To exclude only these groups is plain wrong. In response to this mistreatment by the DOE, I have joined State Senator Marty Golden in co-sponsoring legislation that would authorize the use of school buildings and sites for religious meetings and worship, when not in use for school purposes. The DOE has been cited as claiming that the ban resulted from concerns over having any school in this diverse city identified with one particular religious belief or practice. In reality, the move is a blatant insult to our nation’s basic principle of freedom of religion and an insult to organizations that contribute to the fabric of our community through their acts of volunteerism and charity. Furthermore, by tossing our religious organizations from the schools, the city is now turning away paying customers at a time when city schools can use all the additional funding available. As Reverend Ray Parascando, founding pastor of Crossroads Church of Staten Island, recently pointed out, this can translate to upwards of $2,000 per church per month in revenue. Under the proposed legislation, it would be illegal to ban an organization from using school buildings or sites when not in use for school purposes. It is unreasonable for someone to assume that,because an organization uses a school space for a religious purpose, the school district in question endorses only that particular religious viewpoint. Religious institutions should have the same right to rent public spaces as any other group. I want to call again on the DOE to reverse its position on this issue. However, in light of its continued failure to do so, the legislature must move swiftly to make sure our religious organizations don’t end up homeless.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Feb 14, 2012Menu Menu Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byThis Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis originally appeared in the  share Preserve the right to spousal refusal Need for tougher punishment of sexual predators NICOLESummer Proves Big For GOP Congressional Candidate Malliotakis | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressSummer Proves Big For GOP Congressional Candidate MalliotakisSep 04, 2019Menu Menu Shorefront News NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byNewt Gingrich: Take a Look at the Firebrands Lining Up for 2020 National GOP names Malliotakis ‘Young Gun’ NICOLEMalliotakis trolls de Blasio while he's campaigning in Iowa | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis trolls de Blasio while he’s campaigning in IowaJun 09, 2019Menu Menu New York Post NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byBrooklyn’s last standing Republican Nicole Malliotakis talks to the Spectator Congresswoman Cheney attends Assemblywoman Malliotakis campaign fundraiser NICOLENicole Malliotakis | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressNicole MalliotakisPosts navigationFriday night’s anti-police demonstrations in downtown Brooklyn are just the latest example of New York City’s return to the bad old days. Once again, political correctness and a far left bias have crept into a process that should be focused on historical standing and accomplishments. The legislature has a fiduciary responsibility to taxpayers, and a moral one to our 1.1 million public school children to investigate and demand answers to questions about DOE’s spending practices before Mayoral Control is extended. Someone should remind him that a prerequisite of any run for higher office is, usually, success in your current job. It’s becoming abundantly clear that, after five years of the de Blasio administration’s progressive policies, the city is in trouble. Mayor de Blasio and Gov. Cuomo really are clueless; New Yorkers aren’t leaving our state because of the weather. New York’s income tax revenue didn’t drop because of Washington. As the daughter of immigrants from Greece and Castro’s Cuba, I appreciate that the United States has the most generous immigration policy in the world. But as Democratic President Obama said in 2014, “even as we are a nation of immigrants, we’re also a nation of laws.” In 2012, I stood on the Assembly floor and warned my colleagues that raising the MTA’s debt limit by $7 billion to $37 billion was unsustainable and would lead to toll and fare hikes and service cuts. Like many New Yorkers, I want Amazon to come to our state and its job creation to benefit our residents. You’d be hard pressed to find a city or state in America that would not welcome the economic activity created by capitalism. Like many New Yorkers, I want Amazon to come to our state and its job creation to benefit our residents. You’d be hard pressed to find a city or state in America that would not welcome the economic activity created by capitalism. New Yorkers, especially Staten Islanders, have learned many lessons in the wake of Hurricane Sandy. One of the most important being the need for members of our community to stand up and speak out about the challenges the East Shore faces as we continue to rebuild and work to prevent similar devastation from future storms. Mayor de Blasio was in the battleground state of Florida this past weekend campaigning for the Bernie Sanders-backed Democratic nominee for governor, Andrew Gillum, but it is most likely the Republican ticket of Ron DeSantis and Janette Nunez that he helped by being there. April Fool’s Day is usually the first day of April, but it came again this year when Mayor Bill de Blasio welcomed the month of October by creating a new position he grandly calls “chief democracy officer,” adding to New York City’s already bloated ranks of municipal employees. Mayor Bill de Blasio was in the battleground state of Florida this past weekend campaigning for the Bernie Sanders-backed Democratic nominee for governor, Andrew Gillum, but it is most likely the Republican ticket of Ron DeSantis and Janette Nunez that he helped by being there. Property taxes are easily one of the top issues affecting our community and other pockets of New York City, and a leading reason why our city has become so unaffordable. Another Supreme Court nomination by a Republican president, another attempt to use cynical scare tactics by the Empire State’s own version of Chicken Little.Menu Menu posts categorized in READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post 1 STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare share share share share share share share share share share share share share share NICOLEHelp New York save taxpayer money and trees, this November | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressHelp New York save taxpayer money and trees, this NovemberWhen I entered the state legislature in 2011, I couldn’t believe the amount of paper wasted every day. Hundreds of pages of different drafts of bills are put on our chamber desks, sent to our offices, and placed in meeting rooms of the various committees we serve on, despite most legislators reading the bills beforehand and oftentimes electronically. I have long been a conservationist—a nature-loving, outdoorsy type who over the past three years has coordinated multiple community clean-ups and anti-litter campaigns in my district, as well as a legal attempt to save 15 acres of natural beauty at Mount Manresa Jesuit Retreat House on Staten Island from overdevelopment. So to me, it’s unjustifiable and shameful that in the 21st century, with the technological advances we have, we are still printing thousands of pages that often end up untouched and in recycling bins across the capitol. The reason for all this paper and printing is an archaic provision in the New York State Constitution that requires laws to be printed and sit on each legislator’s chamber desk for at least three days before being voted on. This allowed for ample time for the language to be reviewed before casting a vote, a needed provision in the 19th century, but not in the 21st!  Its purpose could easily be fulfilled today with a laptop, iPad or even cell phone! The good news is that we can finally change this antiquated requirement with your help! On the ballot this November 4, there will be a constitutional amendment that would allow the legislature to distribute bills electronically rather than in print. If passed, the environmentally-friendly measure would abolish the antiquated requirement that hard copies of legislation be placed on the desks of elected officials prior to a vote, allowing bills to instead be e-mailed to state legislators for review. In fact, all legislation is already available online, so the transition would be a simple one. With nearly 2,000 bills taken up annually, plus thousands of additional pages during the state budget process, the astronomical amount of money spent on paper and printing hinders many priorities that need funding. A paperless legislature would help the government save tax dollars (potentially tens of millions of dollars), while protecting the environment at the same time. I truly hope that all New York residents see the importance of Ballot Proposal #2 and join me in supporting its passage this November. Together, we can shape the future of New York by choosing environmentally-friendly measures that also greatly benefit our taxpayers.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Sep 16, 2014Menu Menu Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byThis Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis originally appeared in the  share MTA needs to do more for outer boroughs Passing crucial legislation to keep our streets safe NICOLEMTA needs to do more for outer boroughs | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMTA needs to do more for outer boroughsA few weeks ago, the MTA unveiled its 2015 Capital Plan. Despite its $32 billion price tag, projects important to Southwest Brooklyn and the outer boroughs are, once again, nowhere to be found. Fortunately, the MTA Capital Review Board rejected the proposal and it has been returned to the drawing board. It is a well-known fact that Brooklynites and Staten Islanders have long funded the MTA by virtue of tolls they pay on the Verrazano-Narrows Bridge. (If you haven’t yet, please sign the petition I created with State Senator Marty Golden at www.TheTollsAreTooDamnHigh.com.) The Verrazano generates an annual profit of about $250 million. But that profit is used to fund other parts of the MTA transportation network while debt is issued for regular maintenance of the bridge, like the current deck replacement project. While no major capital projects for Southwest Brooklyn were included in the Capital Plan proposal, it did include more debt being issued for mega projects like the Manhattan Second Avenue Subway, Metro North, and the Long Island East Side Access Project—which is already overrun by 14 years and over-budget by $6 billion. It is this type of reckless spending that has made the MTA the fifth most indebted government entity after the states of California, Massachusetts and New York, and the City of New York. Lack of priorities on the part of the MTA has led to our public transportation-starved borough, or as our mayor would say –a tale of two cities with “its haves and have-nots.” Those of us in the outer boroughs consistently have to fight twice as hard for half as much. In 2010, our community lost numerous bus lines and service, and since being elected in 2011, I have worked tirelessly alongside my colleagues successfully to restore and expand service on the B8, B37, B64, S93 and X27. But we still continue to fight for more transportation options, to improve the inadequate Access-A-Ride service, provide handicap accessibility for our subway stations and for the MTA to complete a feasibility study for a pedestrian walkway and bicycle path on the Verrazano Bridge. These will all improve the quality of life in our community, and we deserve our fair share of the MTA Capital Budget. A large part of our nation’s focus is on stimulating the economy, improving infrastructure and achieving environmental sustainability—preserving America for future generations. As elected leaders, we continue to work toward making that happen, but we can’t do it without the cooperation of our transportation agencies. We will never achieve these goals unless the MTA works with us to produce a budget that will provide the transportation alternatives needed in the outer boroughs so that we can limit congestion, reduce dependence on our vehicles, and create a more equitable transportation network.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Oct 23, 2014Menu Menu Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byThis Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis originally appeared in the  share A Rare Opportunity for Reform Help New York save taxpayer money and trees, this November NICOLEA Rare Opportunity for Reform | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressA Rare Opportunity for ReformTwo years ago, following the use of taxpayer funds to cover up sexual harassment in the state Assembly, I was among those who called for Speaker Sheldon Silver to resign. In my eyes, the use of constituents’ hard-earned money to silence young victims sexually harassed by an elected member of the Assembly was completely inappropriate, and enough to warrant a cleaning of house and shakeup in leadership.  This year, amid five counts of criminal charges against Silver, the shakeup and cleaning is finally underway. To many, Sheldon Silver was seen for years as the reform movement’s biggest obstacle in the fight for real, meaningful changes to our state government—changes that would bring transparency, openness and more checks and balances that were obviously very much needed. Now, for the first time in two decades, we have a chance to make sweeping reforms to Albany’s culture and safeguard the state from another abuse of power. First, we must look at the alleged crimes committed and ask, “How could one person have so much unilateral control without checks and balances?” And, “Why was he allowed to get away with it for over 20 years?” For years, Silver had control over slush funds of taxpayers’ hard-earned money that he could secretly distribute without legislative approval. It was too easy for the Speaker to obtain $100,000 to silence the young sexual harassment victims, and $250,000 in Health Department grants to encourage a doctor to refer patients to Weitz & Luxenberg, who in turn paid Silver millions. Court documents also state that Silver allegedly used his power as speaker to influence legislation in order to give tax breaks to wealthy developers in exchange for kickbacks in the form of referral fees from a real estate law firm. He failed to report a single penny on his financial disclosure reports. He ran the chamber more like a dictatorship than a democratic body, unilaterally preventing legislation from coming to the floor despite overwhelming bipartisan support that guaranteed its passage. And if you publicly disagreed with him, he could unilaterally sanction and strip you from leadership posts, committee assignments, stipends and staff allocation. All this must change. And now is the opportunity to do it. Reducing these powers is the first step on the long road to restoring the public’s trust. But it’s not enough. The Legislature must adopt real changes to the state’s ethics laws to tackle corruption once and for all. The Assembly Minority Conference under Leader Brian Kolb has put forth numerous proposals, such as implementing eight-year term limits for legislative leaders and committee chairs; requiring every appropriation to be specifically identified in the state budget with notification to the state attorney general that no conflict of interest exists; and prohibiting any appropriation to organizations that employ or compensate the governor, a legislator or family member. Other proposed measures include the forfeiture of campaign contributions by an elected official convicted of a felony offense related to his or her official duties; prohibiting use of campaign funds for personal use; creating penalties for failing to file financial disclosure statements within 30 days after the deadline; establishing new crimes and increased penalties for those who act against the public trust or fail to report corruption; ensuring transparency and easier public access of committee meetings and votes; and stripping pensions for those convicted of betraying the public trust. A 19th -century member of the British Parliament, Sir John Dalberg-Acton, once said, “Power tends to corrupt and absolute power corrupts absolutely.” Now is our opportunity to truly change Albany. We must seize it.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Jan 29, 2015Menu Menu Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byThis Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis originally appeared in  share Higher taxes, fewer New Yorkers MTA needs to do more for outer boroughs NICOLEHigher taxes, fewer New Yorkers | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressHigher taxes, fewer New YorkersWhile many of us spend the winter months daydreaming about warmer days, others have made the permanent move elsewhere. Their reason for leaving New York, however, is not solely for sunnier weather. A recent report issued by the IRS indicated that, in 2013, New York State lost more taxpayers than any other state. An inconceivable 115,000 residents packed their bags and headed for greener pastures, and with them went $5.65 billion in adjusted gross income, ultimately placing a greater financial burden on the rest of us. These former residents were simply fed up with ever-increasing taxes and spending, and I can’t blame them. In an attempt to protect my friends and neighbors, I have long voiced my strong opposition to the reckless spending and inappropriate nickel-and-diming of New York residents and businesses. It’s blatantly irresponsible for our state to continue imposing costly initiatives rather than providing necessary opportunities for residents to live comfortably and businesses to flourish. New Yorkers are not ATMs and should not be forced to carry the weight of our state’s misguided proposals and financial woes. Since I entered the New York State Assembly in 2011, we’ve seen a $13 billion deficit turn into a $5 billion surplus. I have joined reform-minded colleagues in arguing that money should be returned to the taxpayer in the form of tax cuts, and we’ve won some fights such as lowering middle class income tax rates to their lowest in decades. We’ve also fought and successfully reduced the corporate and manufacturing tax rates to attract and retain job creators. But much more can and needs to be done. It is well past time that we recognize that the movement out of New York is a direct result of the state’s overall escalating taxes, additional fees and surcharges, and burdensome regulations. Year after year, we bleed jobs due to one of the least friendly business climates in the country. I recently visited some of our state’s other major cities including Utica and Niagara Falls. Over the past few decades, these cities — once major economic hubs — have hemorrhaged businesses and manufacturers leading to a loss in population and tax base. In order to reverse that trend and keep New Yorkers in their homes, we have some serious work ahead. The Assembly Republican Conference has consistently fought for lower taxes and to ease the financial burdens that have continued to overwhelm New Yorkers and drive out job creators, and we’ll continue to do so. I look forward to getting back to work with my colleagues this January. Together, we can put New York State back on a sustainable, long-term track that will keep our businesses and residents here, and attract more taxpayers and job creators to our beautiful state.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Sep 25, 2015Menu Menu Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byThis Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis originally appeared in the  share Cop killer released due to faulty law A Rare Opportunity for Reform NICOLECongresswoman Cheney attends Assemblywoman Malliotakis campaign fundraiser | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressCongresswoman Cheney attends Assemblywoman Malliotakis campaign fundraiserJun 07, 2019Menu Menu Staten Island Advance NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byMalliotakis trolls de Blasio while he’s campaigning in Iowa The Irony of Bill de Blasio’s Fairness PAC NICOLENational GOP names Malliotakis 'Young Gun' | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressNational GOP names Malliotakis ‘Young Gun’Aug 29, 2019Menu Menu Brooklyn Reporter NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered bySummer Proves Big For GOP Congressional Candidate Malliotakis NRCC Announces 43 “On the Radar” Candidates in First Round of Young Guns Program NICOLECop killer released due to faulty law | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressCop killer released due to faulty lawTyrone Howard, who viciously killed Police Officer Holder Tuesday night, benefited from misguided “reform” to our state’s drug laws to get out of prison and back on the streets. Yes, Howard was released from prison and sent to a drug diversion program despite having been arrested 28 times, and now a police officer is dead. Why was someone with 28 arrests even considered for diversion from prison and put into a drug treatment program? Because the law allowed it. In 2009, the state legislature, of which I was not a member at the time, voted to reduce mandatory prison sentences for some drug offenses and eliminate minimum sentence for others. In addition, they carelessly gave judges the ability to send drug dealers who claim to be addicts to drug treatment programs followed by release instead of prison, without the approval of the district attorney. New York Supreme Court Justice Edward McLaughlin, who released Howard for drug treatment, defended his action and said yesterday, “He had four felony drug convictions, no violence.” Someone with four felony drug convictions should not have been released for treatment but, instead, put behind bars. But it’s not just the mishandling of those being charged today. According to the New York State Division of Criminal Justice, as of January, 2014, this law allowed 777 felons to be resentenced with 562 released from prison altogether. That’s 72 percent of drug felons released onto our streets. This misguided policy is no doubt a contributing factor in the increase in drug and other crimes and the daunting drug epidemic plaguing our state today. Allowing drug dealers to go to treatment with addicts arrested for minor offenses is simply stupid.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Nov 03, 2015Menu Menu Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byThis Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis originally appeared in the  share Misguided proposals will lead to further financial hardship for students Higher taxes, fewer New Yorkers NICOLEThe MTA runaway train | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressThe MTA runaway trainEarlier this month, state legislators adopted a budget that will strike a fatal blow to the historically troubled MTA. The budget authorizes the agency to increase its debt limit to a whopping $55 billion from an already unsustainable $37 billion. The MTA is the fifth-largest government debtor in the nation, after only the states of California, Massachusetts and New York and the City of New York, with an estimated $36.5 billion in outstanding debt.The number is staggering, unconscionable and shocking but even more so when you consider that lawmakers have now allowed this single state authority to issue more debt than the entire State of New York’s bond cap – $47 billion – provides. This is $10 billion more than a decade ago, when adjusted for inflation. Over the same period, the authority’s operating costs have increased 50 percent and unaffordable capital plans have been approved as if the 12 counties of the MTA service territory make up some sort of imaginary utopia where money grows on trees. Mismanaged projects abound, like the Long Island Rail Road East Side Access, which is $6 billion overrun and 10 years overschedule, while it is estimated that another $6 billion will be needed to construct Phase 2 of the Second Avenue Subway, 10 years and $4.45 billion after construction of Phase 1 began. The appetite for costly megaprojects hasn’t shown any signs of waning. Governor Cuomo now has his sights on connecting LaGuardia Airport to the 7 line and building a third track for the Long Island Rail Road. These ideas of grand design are not bad ones, but will come with a steadily increasing price tag. And, we must remember that, in order to maintain and upgrade the buses, subways, railways, bridges and tunnels the MTA already has, it must spend an estimated $29 billion every five years. So where will the money come from? For years, New York’s straphangers have continued to shell out more money for less service. Commuters have seen tolls on MTA crossings rise to among the highest in the nation. We’re realizing an unintended consequence in the willingness of the MTA and its enablers in Albany to continue feeding the beast with unsavory debt. Instead of controlling spending and using some of the state’s surplus and bank settlement funds to begin paying down the debt, Governor Cuomo is kicking the “mortgage can” down the road to the grandchildren and great-grandchildren of today’s straphangers. History and basic economic theory teach us that sustained economic growth is not perpetual, and with this most recent increase, the MTA has become a runaway train. To add insult to injury, every time the MTA issues a bond, it is forced to pay a bond fee to the State of New York, costing the agency millions. The annual compounding of these costs puts more pressure on tolls and fares. These fees have amounted to over $100 million since 2006. Meanwhile, the City of New York has put its profound lack of wisdom on full display by proposing to decriminalize fare-beating. The MTA loses a reported $95 million each year through theft of service. If fare-beaters know they can get away with it, that number will rise. Talk about making a bad problem worse. The only thing that would make this mess worse is if Albany’s latest move caused the MTA’s debt rating to be downgraded, resulting in higher interest charges. It is inevitable that the can of debt will now be kicked so far down the road that it will never come back. We will see the current trend of robbing Peter to pay Paul continue as the MTA uses more of its operating funds to make debt service payments. The current costs to use MTA services is just a drop in the bucket compared to what fares and tolls will be in the future, and we’ll have Governor Cuomo and the state legislature to thank.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Apr 29, 2016Menu Menu Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byThis Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis originally appeared in the  share Stop nickel-and-diming our gold, silver and bronze winners Misguided proposals will lead to further financial hardship for students NICOLEStop nickel-and-diming our gold, silver and bronze winners | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressStop nickel-and-diming our gold, silver and bronze winnersThis summer, Americans across the country are rooting for our athletes competing on the world stage at the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. Fortunately, our country is able to send dozens of spectacular athletes to the games in hopes of attaining medals and showcasing the drive and determination that is inherent in every American. This year alone, the state of New York was able to send 30 residents to compete in Rio, many of whom will bring home medals. Their victories are a great source of pride for all New Yorkers and should be celebrated. However, in states across the country, including ours, the medalists are congratulated with a tax bill. As of the writing of this op-ed, eight New Yorkers have won medals at the 2016 games: Meghan Musnicki in rowing (gold), Emily Regan in rowing (gold), Daryl Homer in fencing (silver), Beezie Madden in equestrian (silver), Lia Neal in swimming (silver), McLain Ward in equestrian (silver), Dalilah Muhammad in track and field (gold) and Miles Chamley-Watson in fencing (bronze). 
The United States Olympic Committee (USOC) awards athletes with $25,000 for each gold medal, $15,000 for silver and $10,000 for bronze. The efforts taken by these athletes in preparing for the games more than justify the awards they receive should they be deemed the best in the world for their sport. But, of course, the government insists on getting piece of the action. 
Under current law, tax collectors at the federal and state level treat these awards as income, and as such subject to taxation. They even go so far as to tax gold and silver medalists on the value of the medals themselves – estimated at $564 and $305, respectively. The United States is one of the few nations that do not provide government money to support the training of its Olympic athletes. Relatively few have endorsement deals, and the rest must survive on small stipends from the USOC or balance their training with a normal day job. Our Olympians represent our nation on the world stage and instill pride in all Americans, motivating young and old to overcome obstacles and achieve greatness. It’s an achievement that should be encouraged by our government, not used as an opportunity for another money grab. I intend to introduce legislation with state Sen. Phil Boyle next session that would exempt awards and medals earned through the USOC at the Summer and Winter Olympic Games from income taxes. We have also written Gov. Andrew Cuomo asking that he consider including such an exemption in his 2017-2018 budget proposal. This is a concept that carries bipartisan appeal. U.S. Sen. Charles Schumer is presently co-sponsoring the United States Appreciation for Olympians and Paralympians (USA Olympians and Paralympians) Act, which would provide an exemption at the federal level, while Americans for Tax Reform and its conservative founder and president Grover Norquist are currently driving a petition entitled Stop the IRS from Taxing Our Olympians. Our Olympians dedicate thousands of hours to perfecting their sport, sacrificing time and money in order to compete on the international stage. Let’s do the right thing as a proud state and allow them to keep the full amount of the awards received and cease taxing them on the value of their hard-earned and well-deserved medals.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Aug 22, 2016Menu Menu Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byThis Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis originally appeared in  share Protecting IDNYC records is about safety and transparency – not immigration The MTA runaway train NICOLEMisguided proposals will lead to further financial hardship for students | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMisguided proposals will lead to further financial hardship for studentsEach year, we should be making headway for New York’s struggling college students. We should be addressing the ever-increasing costs of higher education and adopting measures that ensure current and prospective students have the opportunity to earn a college degree without being burdened with debt come graduation day. Instead, we are seeing actions that will do the opposite. A few weeks ago, Governor Cuomo vetoed critical legislation that would have required the state to meet its funding obligations to both the State University of New York (SUNY) and the City University of New York (CUNY). When the legislature passed incremental tuition increases at SUNY and CUNY for five years in 2011, the state committed to increase funding to cover increases in the system’s maintenance costs such as utility expenses and building rentals. The bill vetoed by Governor Cuomo would have statutorily enforced this commitment, as it currently is not being met. My colleagues and I passed this legislation overwhelmingly as we knew it was critical to ensure recent SUNY and CUNY tuition increases went to improving schools and educational programs, not simply to cover maintenance costs. This bill would also have helped the struggling SUNY Downstate Medical Center in Brooklyn. As if this did not cause enough pain to the education systems, the governor, shortly after, announced he was going to circumvent the legislature and use an executive order to raise the minimum wage for 28,000 state university workers to $15 per hour. With no debate, vote or even review of this matter, state legislators and the public are once again left with lots of questions that need to be answered if we are going to provide affordable, quality education to our SUNY and CUNY students. The cost and impact of this unilateral decision will inevitably add to the overwhelming debt students are already dealing with. Denying these education systems the necessary funds to keep up with basic rising maintenance and utility costs, while simultaneously telling them they need to increase wages for 28,000 workers, is unfair and unreasonable, and will undoubtedly lead to additional tuition increases for students who are already struggling with insurmountable debt. The discussion for wage increases can certainly be had, but taking executive action and denying legislators the ability to debate and discuss how it will be financed is irresponsible. The governor has said the funding will be allocated from SUNY’s budget. But how can we expect to have the amount we need to cover the cost responsibly if, after five years of tuition increases, schools can’t even keep up with maintenance costs? The proposal leaves more questions than answers. A proper debate, discussion and vote in the legislature need to be had to prevent the unintended consequence of further burdening tuition-paying students.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Jan 27, 2016Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byThis Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis originally appeared in the  share The MTA runaway train Cop killer released due to faulty law NICOLENicole Malliotakis | Nicole Malliotakis for Congress - Part 3Nicole MalliotakisPosts navigationThe Women’s Equality Act has been hotly contested for the past two years, and now is the time to come together and deliver legislation that helps New York’s women.  With graduation season underway, now is the time to raise awareness about one of the fastest growing problems facing our nation. The priorities of those governing New York seem to be lost in a quagmire, and we’re dangerously close to setting two very bad precedents.  Over the past three years, my colleagues and I have worked hard to turn a $10 billion deficit into what is projected to be a $2 billion surplus in 2014. South Brooklyn is a gem among our borough’s communities and the entire city. Business is booming, families are moving in and the community has never been more attractive. That’s why it is so critical that we take every measure possible to keep crime off our streets and protect our community. The 2013 legislative session was filled with philosophical differences and conflicts that slowed the progress made for New Yorkers over the last two years. Ideological debates hindered many important measures from moving forward. However, the state Assembly was able to deliver positive results for seniors in 2013. Every year at the end of the legislative session, many hot-button issues debated over the preceding months develop into bills taken up at the Capitol. A popular topic of discussion in 2013 has been the public financing of political campaigns. The governor’s executive budget proposal contains language that would eliminate spousal refusal, a vital protection afforded to our aging population. On February 12, a number of religious congregations in our community will lose their home of worship. Over 60 houses of worship hold services at public schools throughout the city and many of these groups are small churches that have rented space in public schools for years. Most would agree that a crime committed against a minor is among the lowest of the low. And when such a crime involves a sexual attack, it almost shocks the conscience. Last week, the legislature convened in Albany for an Extraordinary Session to take up a set of issues that were geared toward closing this year’s budget gap and reducing the deficit looming next year. Coming off an extremely successful legislative session that closed a $10 billion budget deficit without any new or increased taxes, Governor Cuomo has turned state government’s attention to job creation as our number one priority. Under their proposal, licensed drivers would be able to self-certify that they meet the proper vision requirements when renewing their license every eight years, more than enough time fora person’s vision to deteriorate. Over the last several months, Brooklyn’s beleaguered bus rider shave scored a pair of major victories with the restoration of service on the X27 and X28 bus lines.Menu Menu posts categorized in READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post 3 STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare share share share share share share share share share share share share share NICOLENicole Malliotakis | Nicole Malliotakis for Congress - Part 2Nicole MalliotakisPosts navigationThe sudden and shocking resignation of state Attorney General Eric Schneiderman has brought to light the archaic legal guidelines for replacing the Empire State’s chief law enforcement officer or its controller if the elected official resigns or dies while in office. On July 17, 2017, during my campaign for mayor, I issued a news release containing the following headline: “Mayor Turns a Blind Eye as Sexual Assaults Climb.” Mayor de Blasio and his aides denied any such increase and in fact, during our first debate, the mayor went so far as to attack me for employing what he called “a classic right-wing Republican scare tactic.” New Yorkers were recently awarded a dubious distinction; residents of the Empire State were found to be the most highly taxed people in the United States. Money doesn’t grow on trees. In New York City, it grows on houses. At least that’s what City Hall seems to believe, with its consistent, steep increase of the property-tax levy — the amount of money our mayor and City Council have sought from property owners to pay for the city’s lavish spending. You can now ride the subway for free. At least that is the message being sent by progressive prosecutors. As the NFL playoffs approach, New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio and City Council Speaker Melissa Mark-Viverito have found their political football. Since Donald Trump’s election, they’ve seen an opportunity to rally their base by amplifying rhetoric that city records must be destroyed to protect illegal immigrants from deportation by the incoming Trump administration. Their victories are a great source of pride for all New Yorkers and should be celebrated. However, in states across the country, including ours, the medalists are congratulated with a tax bill. Earlier this month, state legislators adopted a budget that will strike a fatal blow to the historically troubled MTA. The budget authorizes the agency to increase its debt limit to a whopping $55 billion from an already unsustainable $37 billion. Each year, we should be making headway for New York’s struggling college students. We should be addressing the ever-increasing costs of higher education and adopting measures that ensure current and prospective students have the opportunity to earn a college degree without being burdened with debt come graduation day. Instead, we are seeing actions that will do the opposite. Tyrone Howard, who viciously killed Police Officer Holder Tuesday night, benefited from misguided “reform” to our state’s drug laws to get out of prison and back on the streets. While many of us spend the winter months daydreaming about warmer days, others have made the permanent move elsewhere. Their reason for leaving New York, however, is not solely for sunnier weather. Two years ago, following the use of taxpayer funds to cover up sexual harassment in the state Assembly, I was among those who called for Speaker Sheldon Silver to resign.  A few weeks ago, the MTA unveiled its 2015 Capital Plan. Despite its $32 billion price tag, projects important to Southwest Brooklyn and the outer boroughs are, once again, nowhere to be found.  When I entered the state legislature in 2011, I couldn’t believe the amount of paper wasted every day. Hundreds of pages of different drafts of bills are put on our chamber desks, sent to our offices, and placed in meeting rooms of the various committees we serve on, despite most legislators reading the bills beforehand and oftentimes electronically. In the final hours of the 2014 legislative session, the New York State Legislature took action on one of the most important issues of the year, passing sweeping measures to combat the prescription drug and heroin epidemic plaguing our communities.Menu Menu posts categorized in READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post 2 STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare share share share share share share share share share share share share share share NICOLENRCC Announces 43 "On the Radar" Candidates in First Round of Young Guns Program | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressNRCC Announces 43 “On the Radar” Candidates in First Round of Young Guns ProgramAug 16, 2019Menu Menu NRCC NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byNational GOP names Malliotakis ‘Young Gun’ Assemblywoman Malliotakis Visits Israel As She Kicks Off Congressional Campaign NICOLEThe Irony of Bill de Blasio's Fairness PAC | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressThe Irony of Bill de Blasio’s Fairness PACMay 17, 2019Menu Menu Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byCongresswoman Cheney attends Assemblywoman Malliotakis campaign fundraiser Lesson Learned by the Daughter of a Cuban Refugee NICOLESupport Nicole Malliotakis for Congress — Anedot PayPal DonorID AnedotSign in to save time donating Donations Secured by Anedot JavaScript is Requiredsaid Republicans have recruited an exciting group of candidates who will “breathe a great deal of new life into—and bring many new ideas to—Washington in a new Republican Majority.”Complete your   donation below using PayPal.
 I affirm the following statements are true and accurate: 1) Federal Law requires that you verify the following statements are true and accurate. I am a United States citizen or an individual lawfully admitted with permanent resident status (e.g. green card holder). This contribution is made from my own personal funds with a personal credit card, and not with a corporate credit card or funds provided to me by another person or entity. I am not a federal government contractor. I am at least 18 years old. 2) Contributions to Nicole for New York are not tax deductible for federal income tax purposes. Contributions to Nicole for New York will be used in connection with federal elections and are subject to the limitations and prohibitions of federal law.The maximum an individual may contribute is $5,600 for the primary and general elections. Contributions from corporations, labor unions, federal government contractors, national banks, and foreign nationals without permanent residency status are prohibited. Please note: A spouse must contribute as a separate transaction. 
By accessing this form you agree to the
 
 
and
 .
 
 
 
 
Donate to create your DonorID.
 
 
©Anedot
 Anedot protects your financial data: 
 
about how Anedot's tools help causes and campaigns easily collect payments and donations.
 
              in your browser to make a secure donation.Anedot confirmed this is an authentic Account for this campaign, church, ministry, or non-profit.$10
 
$25
 
$50
 
$100
 
$250
 
$500
 
$1,000
 
$2,800
 
$5,600
 
Your card code is incomplete.
 
Your card code is invalid.
 
Your card code is missing.
 
Your expiration date is incomplete.
 
Your expiration date is missing.
 
Your expiration date is in the past.
 
Your card number is incomplete.
 
Your card number is invalid.
 
Your card number is missing.
 
Your billing ZIP is incomplete.
 
Your billing ZIP is missing.
 Nicole Malliotakis (NY-11) 
Invalid email or password
 You have successfully signed in Paid for by Nicole for New York (Federal Account)Verified AccountThe property tax disparity in Brooklyn must end | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressThe property tax disparity in Brooklyn must endProperty taxes are easily one of the top issues affecting our community and other pockets of New York City, and a leading reason why our city has become so unaffordable. As the system currently exists, low and middle-income New Yorkers are subsidizing the property taxes of those living in the highest valued properties in our city’s most affluent neighborhoods. It sends the wrong message when the mayor of our city lives in a home valued at $1.7 million and only pays $3,600 in property tax while others are paying twice that for homes valued at half as much. To use a similarly priced home in Bay Ridge as an example: One of my constituents has a home valued at $1.5 million and is paying $11,000 (nearly triple) in property taxes. Another resident in my district has a home valued at $369,000 and pays $4,200, still more than our mayor. This is a real ‘Tale of Two Cities’ and one that must be rectified so it is fair, equitable and affordable for all. Bay Ridge, Dyker Heights, Canarsie, Brownsville, Flatbush, Mill Basin, Gerritsen Beach, Brighton Beach, Manhattan Beach, Gravesend, Marine Park, Midwood, Sheepshead Bay, Bergen Beach, Bath Beach and Bensonhurst are just a few of the neighborhoods in Kings County that suffer by paying double or triple what that their neighbors in Park Slope, Carroll Gardens, Brooklyn Heights and Manhattan with much higher property values are paying. Recently, I announced new legislation that I plan to introduce in the state Assembly to fix the many inequities of our current property tax system. My bill will ensure that all Class 1 properties are assessed at full market value by removing the amount by which property assessments can increase, so that the trendiest neighborhoods are not safeguarded from paying the same property tax rate as the rest of the city. If the highest effective tax rate paid in the city is 1.05 percent and the lowest is 0.32 percent, a uniform rate for all should be met in the middle. Second, the city should consider providing a property tax cap for seniors who are 65 and older, have fixed incomes under $75,000 and have lived in their residence for at least 20 years. This is primarily a protection for senior citizens living in the more expensive neighborhoods in the city who have seen their property values increase greatly during the 20+ years. In this case, property taxes would be capped based on a designated percentage of the individual’s income to prevent senior citizens from being forced to sell due to inability to pay their annual property tax bill. Finally, New York City should be subjected to a two percent cap on its property tax levy, which is the amount of money city government seeks from property taxpayers. Currently, New York City is one of the few municipalities in the State of New York that does not have a cap on the property tax levy. As a result, we have seen the mayor and City Council increase the property tax levy by a whopping 44 percent to over $27 billion since 2013, placing an incredible burden on New York City citizens. In addition to homeowners struggling to keep up with this pace, we all know that as property taxes go up, landlords pass that cost on to renters. Rapidly increasing property taxes have made our city unaffordable and are driving our low and middle-income earners to other cities. Mayor de Blasio’s property tax commission is coming to Brooklyn on October 15. Let’s make sure we get out there and tell the commission that our community should not be subsidizing the property taxes of the city’s most affluent and expensive ones.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Oct 01, 2018Menu Menu Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byThis Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis originally appeared in the  share Why de Blasio Just Helped Republicans More Than Democrats While Campaigning for Gillum Cuomo is playing ‘Chicken Little’ over abortion rights NICOLEWhy de Blasio Just Helped Republicans More Than Democrats While Campaigning for Gillum | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressWhy de Blasio Just Helped Republicans More Than Democrats While Campaigning for GillumMayor Bill de Blasio was in the battleground state of Florida this past weekend campaigning for the Bernie Sanders-backed Democratic nominee for governor, Andrew Gillum, but it is most likely the Republican ticket of Ron DeSantis and Janette Nunez that he helped by being there. Here in New York City, we’re facing record high homelessness, deplorable conditions in city public housing, and a crumbling transit system. Homeowners have also seen a 44% increase in the property taxes since de Blasio took office and now a push to open more homeless shelters, jails and even heroin injection centers in their neighborhoods. It’s no wonder New Yorkers are migrating in droves to less taxed and better managed states in the union, with Florida gaining the most. United States Census Bureau data shows that the New York metro area saw most of its residents flee to the cities of Miami, Fort Lauderdale, and West Palm Beach where de Blasio was campaigning for Gillum. Many others moved to Tampa and Orlando. During the 12-month period ending July 1, 2017, New York State lost a net 190,508 residents, more than any other state due to high taxation, lack of economic opportunity, and affordability. Florida on the other hand gained 327,811 new residents not “because of the weather” as Governor Andrew Cuomo ridiculously suggested last month but because Florida is one of seven states with no personal income tax and has among the lowest tax burdens in the nation. The tax-and-spend policies of “progressive” politicians like de Blasio and Cuomo who feel the answer to every problem is to spend more and hand their hardworking citizens the bill has earned New York the title of top state and local tax burden and second worst business climate in the nation. While Mayor Bill de Blasio and Governor Cuomo continue to push the costly and misguided policies that New Yorkers fled south to escape, Republicans have a record of success to point to. Under Governor Rick Scott, Florida achieved $10 billion in tax cuts, reduced 5,200 burdensome regulations, and the state’s employers created nearly 1.5 million jobs outpacing the rest of the nation. And, despite Florida having more than double the population of New York City with nearly 21 million residents, the state’s 2018-2019 budget of $88.7 billion actually spends $450 million less. While DeSantis promises to continue Florida’s efficient and effective government, Gillum’s agenda includes an extreme tax increase, socialized healthcare and a $15 minimum wage that would stifle Florida’s economic prosperity. Florida is one of the top three states for inward migration because it is doing something right. On Election Day, voters should reject the same costly agenda that’s made New York unaffordable, overtaxed and it’s people among it’s biggest exports.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Oct 15, 2018Menu Menu Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byThis Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis originally appeared in  share De Blasio’s terrible — and costly — ‘democracy’ gaffe The property tax disparity in Brooklyn must end NICOLEIn Florida, NYC Mayor Promotes Policies Constituents Are Fleeing | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressIn Florida, NYC Mayor Promotes Policies Constituents Are FleeingMayor de Blasio was in the battleground state of Florida this past weekend campaigning for the Bernie Sanders-backed Democratic nominee for governor, Andrew Gillum, but it is most likely the Republican ticket of Ron DeSantis and Janette Nunez that he helped by being there. Here in New York City, we’re not only facing record high homelessness, deplorable conditions in city public housing, and a crumbling transit system. Homeowners have also seen a 44 percent increase in the property taxes since de Blasio took office and now a push to open more homeless shelters, jails, and even heroin injection centers in their neighborhoods. It’s no wonder New Yorkers are migrating in droves to less taxed and better managed states in the union, with Florida gaining the most. United States Census Bureau data shows that the New York metro area saw most of its residents flee to the cities of Miami, Fort Lauderdale, and West Palm Beach where de Blasio was campaigning for Gillum. Many others moved to Tampa and Orlando. During the 12-month period ending July 1, 2017, New York State lost a net 190,508 residents, more than any other state due to high taxation, lack of economic opportunity, and affordability. Florida on the other hand gained 327,811 new residents not “because of the weather” as Governor Andrew Cuomo ridiculously suggested last month but because Florida is one of seven states with no personal income tax and has among the lowest tax burdens in the nation. The tax-and-spend policies of “progressive” politicians like de Blasio and Cuomo who feel the answer to every problem is to spend more and hand their hardworking citizens the bill has earned New York the title of top state and local tax burden and second worst business climate in the nation. While Mayor Bill de Blasio and Governor Cuomo continue to push the costly and misguided policies that New Yorkers fled south to escape, Republicans have a record of success to point to. Under Governor Rick Scott, Florida achieved $10 billion in tax cuts, reduced 5,200 burdensome regulations, and the state’s employers created nearly 1.5 million jobs outpacing the rest of the nation. And, despite Florida having more than double the population of New York City with nearly 21 million residents, the state’s 2018-2019 budget of $88.7 billion actually spends $450 million less. While DeSantis promises to continue Florida’s efficient and effective government, Gillum’s agenda includes an extreme tax increase, socialized healthcare and a $15 minimum wage that would stifle Florida’s economic prosperity. Florida is one of the top three states for inward migration because it is doing something right. On Election Day, voters should reject the same costly agenda that’s made New York unaffordable, overtaxed and its people among its biggest exports.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Oct 18, 2018Menu Menu Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byThis Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis originally appeared in the  share Seawall opportunity knocks: Let’s open the door De Blasio’s terrible — and costly — ‘democracy’ gaffe NICOLEDear Santa, Please Bring Cuomo, de Blasio Copies of Trump's 'Art of the Deal' | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressDear Santa, Please Bring Cuomo, de Blasio Copies of Trump’s ‘Art of the Deal’Like many New Yorkers, I want Amazon to come to our state and its job creation to benefit our residents.  You’d be hard pressed to find a city or state in America that would not welcome the economic activity created by capitalism. But the announcement by Governor Cuomo and Mayor de Blasio that Amazon will receive $3 billion in our tax dollars in exchange for making Long Island City its new headquarters left fiscal policy wonks scratching their heads and taxpayers holding the bag. Despite some unfriendly policies adopted by Mayor de Blasio and Governor Cuomo over the years placing additional burdens on our private sector,  New York remains “the capitol of the world” and a major center for commerce. This coupled with our talent pool has organically attracted major investors and job creators since its inception.  New York’s rank as one of the nation’s highest taxed states, however, has made it increasingly difficult to compete with states like Florida, Texas and North Carolina. Instead of lowering the tax burden to attract the smallest entrepreneurs and the Amazons of the world, precious tax dollars that could have been used to upgrade all our city’s subway signals, add classroom space, or provide property tax relief are being used to subsidize one of the richest companies on Earth.  Other locations have managed to attract Amazon’s business without breaking the bank. For example, Virginia will now be home to the other Amazon HQ2, but at a fraction of the subsidies New York is providing. Between Arlington and the commonwealth of Virginia, the government will be subsidizing $573 million for the same 25,000 jobs that will be brought to New York. Whether this is a result of a raw deal or – as Governor Cuomo admitted – a consequence of Virginia’s lower tax burden, it is the people of New York who will pay the price of the largest incentive package ever provided to a private company by the state. Many of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle are misdirecting their shots at Amazon citing “corporate greed” but you can’t blame the tech giant for taking advantage of the best deal given to them. After all, they are in the business of making and (unlike our city and state government) saving money. Instead, these Democrats should be pointing their fingers at the mayor and governor they endorsed and elected. It’s funny… Republicans are often accused of being the party of corporate welfare and benefits for the wealthy yet, in Albany, it’s the Republican Assembly Conference that has stood up against Cuomo’s $21 million giveaway to NBC’s Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon, $16 million to CBS for The Late Show with Stephen Colbert, and $130 million for a new Buffalo Bills stadium and tax credit for owners of luxury yachts with price tags of at least $230,000 and sales tax exemption on private planes. And these giveaways pale in comparison to the infamous $1 billion the state awarded to companies in Buffalo whose executives gave large donations to Cuomo (that eventually led to criminal convictions for bid-rigging). But what’s important to recognize is that for all their smooth talk about corporations being subsidized on the backs of the working class and the need to take the money out of politics, it’s their actions that speak even louder. Hardworking New Yorkers will be the ones subsidizing the thousands of jobs created by the Amazon project, each of which will come at a price of at least $61,000 of taxpayer money. This is even more than Cuomo’s Start-Up NY failure that spent $59 million to create just 1,100 jobs in its first three years, well below the 3,300 originally projected. It’s unfortunate that when we finally get our Mayor and our Governor to work together on something, it’s at the taxpayer’s expense. As much as the two compete to be President Trump’s loudest critic, they should each pick up a copy of “The Art of the Deal” because frankly this deal stinks.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Nov 16, 2018Menu Menu Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byThis Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis originally appeared in  share Amazon Giveaways Show Cuomo, de Blasio Need Trump’s ‘Art of the Deal’ Seawall opportunity knocks: Let’s open the door NICOLESeawall opportunity knocks: Let's open the door | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressSeawall opportunity knocks: Let’s open the doorNew Yorkers, especially Staten Islanders, have learned many lessons in the wake of Hurricane Sandy. One of the most important being the need for members of our community to stand up and speak out about the challenges the East Shore faces as we continue to rebuild and work to prevent similar devastation from future storms. We have all heard or experienced the horror stories about one level of government or another turning a deaf ear to the community during the recovery and rebuilding process. It was usually a knee-jerk reaction by bureaucrats who feel they know better than the people who have actually lived in our neighborhoods for decades. In the weeks and months following Hurricane Sandy, Borough President James Oddo, Senator Diane Savino and I stated very clearly that this tragedy, in some somber way, presented an opportunity for the East Shore to rebuild a stronger, more resilient housing stock and we needed to be smart about where we rebuilt and what we built. Unfortunately, these pleas fell on deaf ears at City Hall and, instead, we saw a patchwork of the good, the bad and the ugly along our beachfront community. Staten Island should not allow this to happen again. Currently, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers is in the planning stages of the East Shore Seawall Project which will run from Fort Wadsworth to Oakwood Beach at a projected cost of $615 million, with investment from the city, state and federal governments. In addition to the actual seawall and boardwalk, the project will include construction of levees, tide gates, raised roadways and improved drainage in an effort to mitigate the destructive force of future storms. Obviously, the size and scope of this project will have a near-permanent effect on how, we, as residents, access and utilize the East Shore waterfront, one of Staten Island’s great natural resources and a focal point for outdoor recreation in the borough. With construction set to begin in 2019, it’s time to finalize our vision for the shoreline, using public-private partnerships, and make it the magnificent beachfront it should be, with restaurants, vendors, kayak and paddle board rentals, a bike path, fields, courts, amusement and playgrounds. We’ve already witnessed that my annual Yoga on the Beach series, the beach bike rentals I advocated for and our borough president’s annual concert series have all been extremely popular. To its credit, the New York City Parks Department held a public meeting in February to explore plans and designs reflecting community input and ideas to adapt our shoreline parks to the Army Corps’ protective seawall. But the agency, along with the State Department of Environmental Conservation, needs to cut the red tape and bureaucracy that stands in the way of economic development and private investment. Staten Islanders have longed for watersport rentals, outdoor cafes and vendors along the beach, but rules and regulations have made it so undesirable to entrepreneurs. This is our opportunity to start with a clean slate and make Staten Island’s waterfront, along with the commercial strips of Midland Beach and South Beach, comparable to that of Pier Village. As we approach the sixth anniversary of Hurricane Sandy, lets reflect, not only on how far our community has come, but rethink how far we can truly go.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Oct 22, 2018Menu Menu Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byThis Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis originally appeared in the  share Dear Santa, Please Bring Cuomo, de Blasio Copies of Trump’s ‘Art of the Deal’ In Florida, NYC Mayor Promotes Policies Constituents Are Fleeing NICOLEDe Blasio's terrible — and costly — 'democracy' gaffe | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressDe Blasio’s terrible — and costly — ‘democracy’ gaffeApril Fool’s Day is usually the first day of April, but it came again this year when Mayor Bill de Blasio welcomed the month of October by creating a new position he grandly calls “chief democracy officer,” adding to New York City’s already bloated ranks of municipal employees. Only in de Blasio’s New York would a mayor create a new position — one with a huge salary, no less — that only serves to confuse voters. The new job’s title may be laughable, but the lofty annual pay, $165,000, makes this patronage job just another bad joke on city taxpayers. Adding insult to injury, it turned out that the woman chosen for the post and asked to boost voter participation had, herself, failed to vote in numerous elections — including last year’s Democratic primary between de Blasio and Sal Albanese. That’s a pretty impressive accomplishment, considering her polling place sits barely a block away from her Upper West Side residence. Perhaps the biggest joke, though, was when 400,000 New Yorkers got an alarming letter from the city’s new DemocracyNYC program this week. The note informed them that they had been removed from the voter-registration rolls for being inactive. “You were marked as an inactive voter by the New York City Board of Elections,” the letter said, “but you may still be eligible to vote in the upcoming election.” Alas, in many cases, the information was simply wrong; those who got the letters were, indeed, registered and able to vote. Yet the letter sparked 1,600 frantic phone calls to the BOE. Active voters were concerned it was a scam or even an attempt to suppress voter turnout. The needless chaos unleashed by the new “chief confusion officer” in her first week is just one reason de Blasio should do away with the position. Here’s another: New York City’s Board of Elections already has 10 commissioners and well over 1,000 full-time employees — who, according to the BOE website, are required by state law “to enfranchise all eligible New Yorkers to register to vote and to practice those rights” and to oversee “voter outreach and education.” That the new “democracy” chief’s job is already being done by another agency has left many New Yorkers scratching their heads and rightfully asking why the duplicative initiative is needed. And it’s par for the course for a municipal hiring spree under de Blasio that has included a $130,000-a-year director of nightlife and that has brought the number of special assistants at City Hall to roughly 300, with some earning more than $200,000 annually. (Great work if you are politically connected enough to get it.) According to projections in a report by the Citizens Budget Commission, of the 34,171 new de Blasio positions created between the end of Fiscal Year 2014 and the end of Fiscal Year 2019, only 4,069 (or 12 percent) are accounted for by uniformed police, fire, sanitation or corrections personnel. Let me put that in perspective: The city’s 331,520 municipal workers make up a larger workforce than those in the governments of any of 46 states. Only California, Texas, Florida and New York state have more state employees than the city. And the cost is steep: The CBC estimates that full-time positions added as of July 2018 account for a whopping $2.5 billion in personnel expenses in the current fiscal year. They also raise long-term liabilities by another $521 million. In an economic downturn — and even de Blasio himself admits one is inevitable, sooner or later — that will leave the city hard pressed to make its annual payroll, or pay other bills. Meanwhile, the city budget itself has ballooned by more than 25 percent, from $70 billion to $89 billion, since de Blasio took office. Again, that doesn’t portend well for the day when revenues begin to dry up. Meanwhile, what are New Yorkers getting for all that money and bureaucracy? Property tax bills that have soared 44 percent, streets still riddled with potholes and litter, classrooms that are overcrowded, public housing that’s deplorable and a growing population of homeless and mentally ill left to fend for themselves. Maybe all that gross mismanagement of taxpayer money and poor stewardship of the city has New Yorkers fed up and apathetic. And maybe that’s why so few of them come out to vote. 
In any event, this is surely not a problem another de Blasio bureaucrat with a fancy title and fat pay is likely to solve.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Oct 17, 2018Menu Menu Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byThis Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis originally appeared in the  share In Florida, NYC Mayor Promotes Policies Constituents Are Fleeing Why de Blasio Just Helped Republicans More Than Democrats While Campaigning for Gillum NICOLEA 21st Century Transit System Requires Bold Leadership, New Ideas | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressA 21st Century Transit System Requires Bold Leadership, New IdeasIn 2012, I stood on the Assembly floor and warned my colleagues that raising the MTA’s debt limit by $7 billion to $37 billion was unsustainable and would lead to toll and fare hikes and service cuts. Then again, in 2016, when the governor and legislature voted to allow the MTA to kick the can down the road further and issue up to $55 billion in debt, enabling this one agency to take on more debt than the entire state of New York, I said this move “strikes a fatal blow” to efforts to bring fiscal accountability to the MTA. The problem with debt is that eventually you have to pay the bill. Now we are dealing with the consequences of allowing this transportation authority to grow too big, borrow too much and spend on megaprojects that were not priorities. With bus service on the chopping block, unreliable service getting worse due to outdated subway signals, and toll and fare hikes on the horizon, things have gotten desperate. However, before we collect another penny from fare-payers, we need to work with what we have. This includes putting an end to government’s wasteful spending such as the MTA’s mismanagement of the Long Island East Side Access tunnel, tens of millions of dollars spent on TV ads to promote Governor Cuomo’s failed Start-Up NY program, and corruption like the notorious “Buffalo Billion” that landed the governor’s associates in jail. We must also demand a lockbox on all state transportation funding dedicated to the MTA to ensure money is not later raided as it has been in the past to fund “pet projects.” I co-sponsored the lockbox bill that passed the legislature twice but was vetoed by the governor in 2013 and the governor refuses to sign this year. Revenue can also be generated by ending the state’s collection of bond fees from the MTA, allowing the revenue collected through the MTA police to go back to the MTA instead of to municipalities, and by cracking down on fare-beating which cost the MTA $215 million this year and will force the rest of us to make up the shortfall with the proposed fare hikes. Most importantly, we must rethink our entire transportation network and develop a model that provides the necessary revenue to invest in infrastructure and upgrade our transit system to keep up with population and economic growth without treating everyday commuters like ATMs. I believe Sam Schwartz’s Move NY plan is the best starting point to develop a system that will reduce traffic congestion on our streets, provide more transit options for commuters and bring toll equity to the region, greatly reducing the Verrazzano Bridge toll burden on the residents of Southwest Brooklyn and Staten Island. As the state legislature returns to session in January, the future of our transportation system will dominate much of the conversation, as it should. I plan to bring representatives from Move New York to Bay Ridge to present their plan and have an open dialogue with residents on how, if implemented, it can benefit the neighborhood and improve their quality of commute. It’s important that commuters are part of the discussion so that whatever solution is ultimately decided on serves the people most affected. New Yorkers have been victimized for too long by misguided policies that don’t take their everyday lives into account.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Dec 18, 2018Menu Menu Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byThis Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis originally appeared in the  share Immigration deal or no deal? America’s watching Amazon Giveaways Show Cuomo, de Blasio Need Trump’s ‘Art of the Deal’ NICOLEAmazon Giveaways Show Cuomo, de Blasio Need Trump's 'Art of the Deal' | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressAmazon Giveaways Show Cuomo, de Blasio Need Trump’s ‘Art of the Deal’Like many New Yorkers, I want Amazon to come to our state and its job creation to benefit our residents. You’d be hard pressed to find a city or state in America that would not welcome the economic activity created by capitalism. But the announcement by Governor Cuomo and Mayor de Blasio that Amazon will receive $3 billion in our tax dollars in exchange for making Long Island City its new headquarters left fiscal policy wonks scratching their heads and taxpayers holding the bag. Despite some unfriendly policies adopted by Mayor de Blasio and Governor Cuomo over the years placing additional burdens on our private sector, New York remains “the capital of the world” and a major center for commerce. This coupled with our talent pool has organically attracted major investors and job creators since its inception. New York’s rank as one of the nation’s highest taxed states, however, has made it increasingly difficult to compete with states like Florida, Texas, and North Carolina. Instead of lowering the tax burden to attract the smallest entrepreneurs and the Amazons of the world, precious tax dollars that could have been used to upgrade all our city’s subway signals, add classroom space, or provide property tax relief are being used to subsidize one of the richest companies on earth. Other locations have managed to attract Amazon’s business without breaking the bank. For example, Virginia will now be home to the other Amazon HQ2, but at a fraction of the subsidies New York is providing. Between Arlington and the commonwealth of Virginia, the government will be subsidizing $573 million for the same 25,000 jobs that will be brought to New York. Whether this is a result of a raw deal or — as Governor Cuomo admitted — a consequence of Virginia’s lower tax burden, it is the people of New York who will pay the price of the largest incentive package ever provided to a private company by the state. Many of my colleagues on other side of the aisle are misdirecting their shots at Amazon citing “corporate greed” but you can’t blame the tech giant for taking advantage of the best deal given to them. After all, they are in the business of making and (unlike our city and state government) saving money. Instead, these democrats should be pointing their fingers at the mayor and governor they endorsed and elected. It’s funny… Republicans are often accused of being the party of corporate welfare and benefits for the wealthy yet, in Albany, it’s the Republican Assembly Conference that has stood up against Cuomo’s $21 million giveaway to NBC’s “Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon,” $16 million to CBS for “The Late Show with Stephen Colbert,” and $130 million for a new Buffalo Bills stadium and tax credit for owners of luxury yachts with price tags of at least $230,000 and sales tax exemption on private planes. And these giveaways pale in comparison to the infamous $1 billion the state awarded to companies in Buffalo whose executives gave large donations to Cuomo (that eventually led to criminal convictions for bid-rigging). But what’s important to recognize is that for all their smooth talk about corporations being subsidized on the backs of the working class and the need to take the money out of politics, it’s their actions that speak even louder. Hardworking New Yorkers will be the ones subsidizing the thousands of jobs created by the Amazon project, each of which will come at a price of at least $61,000 of taxpayer money. This is even more than Cuomo’s Start-Up NY failure that spent $59 million to create just 1,100 jobs in its first three years, well below the 3,300 originally projected. It’s unfortunate that when we finally get our Mayor and our Governor to work together on something, it’s at the taxpayer’s expense. As much as the two compete to be President Trump’s loudest critic, they should each pick up a copy of “The Art of the Deal” because frankly this deal stinks.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Nov 20, 2018Menu Menu Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byThis Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis originally appeared in the  share A 21st Century Transit System Requires Bold Leadership, New Ideas Dear Santa, Please Bring Cuomo, de Blasio Copies of Trump’s ‘Art of the Deal’ NICOLEImmigration deal or no deal? America's watching | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressImmigration deal or no deal? America’s watchingIn the early hours of Dec. 26, Corporal Ronil Singh of the Newman (California) Police Department was brutally gunned down by an illegal immigrant and alleged gang member during a routine traffic stop. What makes this murder even more tragic is that the alleged murderer had been twice convicted of DUI, yet had never been turned over to ICE for deportation because of California’s Sanctuary State laws. In other words, this was a preventable murder. When you take into account that Corporal Singh and his family are in fact immigrants who came here legally from Fiji, the tragedy takes on a new and heightened dimension. In the days that followed Corporal Singh’s murder, Democrats like San Francisco’s Nancy Pelosi and California Senators Diane Feinstein and Kamala Harris found time to tweet and issue statements while remaining cynically silent about the cold-blooded murder of a police officer in their own state. Sadly, Corporal Singh’s name must now be added to the growing list of Americans that includes Kate Steinle, Kayla Cuevas, Nisa Mickens, and Mollie Tibbetts, who were all killed by individuals who were unlawfully in our nation. The most recent victim, 22 year-old Pierce Kennedy Corcoran, was killed by an unlicensed and uninsured illegal immigrant driver on the last Saturday of 2018 in Knoxville, Tennessee. The simple fact is, if we had stronger border security in lieu of sanctuary policies that protect those in our country illegally, these six young (average age 23) Americans, would still be alive today. As the daughter of immigrants from Greece and Castro’s Cuba, I appreciate that the United States has the most generous immigration policy in the world. It is one of the most precious tenets that distinguishes our nation from others and makes emigrating to the U.S. the goal of so many from around the world. But as Democratic President Obama said in 2014, “even as we are a nation of immigrants, we’re also a nation of laws.” For decades, some of those laws have been ignored, respect for our immigration system has crumbled and the numerous issues related to illegal immigration have created a crisis that affects every level of government; from school districts to municipal governments and right up the ladder to the halls of Congress and the White House. In recent years, it’s become obvious that this system really only benefits the underbelly of society that preys on the immigrant community. Individuals who may have entered unlawfully in a desperate attempt to grab the American Dream have instead ended up living in the shadows of society; often marginalized and exploited. They do not benefit from open borders. Having no entry tracking system makes it easy for human traffickers to lure women and young children with promises of a better life. These victims do not benefit from open borders either. You know who does? Dangerous predators, like the MS-13 gang members who claimed the lives of Cuevas and Mickens. Known criminals, like the murderers of Singh and Steinle, who, despite previous convictions, were protected from deportation by state and municipal sanctuary policies. Not to mention drug cartels, human traffickers and potential terrorists — these are the law-breakers who benefit from open borders. Much of the debate in Washington has been about whether we should build a “wall.” Wall-like barriers along our 2,000 mile long border are important in stopping the flood of uncontrollable crossings, smuggling and trafficking, and we should fund them. But, in reality, barriers take a long time to erect and barriers of steel, concrete and wire will not resolve our immediate crisis. The new Congress must take immediate action to implement an entry/exit tracking system and enforce E-Verify, the web-based system that allows employers to confirm the eligibility of their employees to work in the United States. In addition, we have to crack down on sanctuary cities and modernize the broken immigration system to streamline the process for visas and citizenship. As President Trump has pointed out, even his political rivals have emphasized the need for strong solutions to this issue. In his 2011 State of the Union Address, President Obama said, “I strongly believe that we should take on, once and for all, the issue of illegal immigration” and in 2009, Senator Chuck Schumer stated “illegal immigration is wrong, plain and simple” and “we must do as much as we can to gain control of our borders as soon as possible.” I agree. Now let’s see if our newly-seated Congress has the courage to work with President Trump to hammer-out an agreement that will protect and benefit the citizens of our nation and provide those from other countries the opportunity to achieve a better life for themselves and their families.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Jan 08, 2019Menu Menu Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byThis Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis originally appeared in the  share Malliotakis to Rose: What “values” do you share will “friend” Rep. Omar? A 21st Century Transit System Requires Bold Leadership, New Ideas NICOLEWe're paying a price for the de Blasio-Cuomo spending binge | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressWe’re paying a price for the de Blasio-Cuomo spending bingeMayor de Blasio and Gov. Cuomo really are clueless; New Yorkers aren’t leaving our state because of the weather. New York’s income tax revenue didn’t drop because of Washington. Residents are fleeing the Empire State because its tax burden on individuals ranks as one of the highest in the nation. In January, de Blasio cried, “we have some tough choices up ahead under any scenario” due to a $935 million drop in tax revenue. Yet that didn’t stop him from proposing a budget that increases spending by another $3 billion in the next fiscal year. Time to tighten your belt and cut spending, you might say? Not in Bill de Blasio’s New York. A budget crunch hasn’t stopped the mayor from announcing new giveaways like half-priced MetroCards for some and guaranteed healthcare for 300,000 undocumented immigrants, who have broken federal laws and are living in New York illegally. A city hospital system hemorrhaging billions every year and more than 400,000 citizens living in slum-like conditions in city-run housing haven’t stopped the mayor from adding to the city’s already bloated bureaucracy with the creation of the Office of Nightlife, the Office to Protect Tenants and the appointment of a chief democracy officer and the high-paid staffs that go with them. Not to mention the 314 special assistants he now has at City Hall, nearly triple what Mayor Bloomberg had. Last month, Cuomo announced that the state is facing a $2.3 billion shortfall. He was quick to cast blame on President Trump and the federal government saying, “everything we did economically is right.” Meanwhile, tax dollars disappear into the bottomless pits of ill-conceived and corruption-tainted economic development projects like the aptly nicknamed Buffalo Billion. We’ve seen the state fork over $90 million to build an upstate factory, only to have the prospective user walk away from the deal without facing a financial penalty. The list goes on and on. Most recently, Cuomo and de Blasio offered Amazon a whopping $3 billion in tax credits and subsidies to offset our high tax burden, garnering criticism from across the political spectrum. Fiscal conservatives wanted a better deal like the one brokered in Virginia, but thanks to a small group of anti-capitalists, we ended up getting no deal instead. According to the highly regarded Empire Center for Public Policy, the Cuomo administration, over its first eight years, wasted more than $10 billion in public funding and tax breaks on these types of economic development boondoggles. The state has also been cutting into its own tax revenues by handing out $37 million in tax credits to the highly rated, “The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon” and “The Late Show with Stephen Colbert” out of fear that our high taxes would force them to join the exodus of over a million residents who have fled New York State since Cuomo was first elected governor in 2010. New York City and state are addicted to spending; an intervention is desperately needed. To put things in perspective; Florida, a state with just over a million more residents, gets by with a budget roughly $85 billion less than the Empire State’s. Not to be outdone, New York City’s budget is actually larger than the budget of 42 states. The bottom line is clear; runaway spending and the resulting higher taxes are driving those who can afford to flee out of New York. The resulting drop in tax revenue speaks to the unsustainable levels of spending that will eventually throw New York City and State into financial crisis. The only question is when do we take the steps needed to remedy this situation: before or after the crisis becomes a reality?by Team Nicole on
                                                        Feb 23, 2019Menu Menu Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byThis Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis originally appeared in  share Malliotakis Statement on Rose Vote to Block Trump Emergency Declaration Malliotakis to Rose: What “values” do you share will “friend” Rep. Omar? NICOLEWhy de Blasio's presidential roadshow is such a laugh | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressWhy de Blasio’s presidential roadshow is such a laughThis weekend, Mayor Bill de Blasio will travel to New Hampshire, the latest stop on his presidential-flirtation tour. Last month, he took a similar swing through Iowa, another presidential-primary state, to test the waters of ­national politics. Someone should remind him that a prerequisite of any run for higher office is, usually, success in your current job. It’s becoming abundantly clear that, after five years of the de Blasio administration’s progressive policies, the city is in trouble. A clear sign emerged last week, when local teachers union boss (and de Blasio ally) Michael Mulgrew admitted: “Our current discipline system is broken” and “doesn’t work for students or staff.” Mulgrew was referring to the de Blasio administration’s “warning-card” system and therapeutic approach to discipline, which in practice mean that students can smoke pot, threaten classmates and disrespect teachers with no real consequences. Mulgrew is only the latest in a broad array of municipal union leaders who have stepped up to criticize the policies of a mayor with a special knack of demoralizing city workers while putting their safety and that of the general public at risk. Whether they work at the NYPD, the Department of Correction, the Department of Homeless Services, and whether they are school safety officers or employees of the Department of Education, the complaints of rank-and-file workers are much the same: Progressive policies aren’t working, and we are quickly returning to the bad old days. In addition, over the past few weeks, New Yorkers have seen crystal clear examples of the de Blasio administration’s ill-conceived belief that, if you throw huge amounts of money at a problem, it might go away. First, we learned that the DOE was closing down the unsuccessful and scandal-ridden Renewal Schools program after spending $773 million on it. That was closely followed by Comptroller Scott Stringer’s after-the-fact alert that first lady Chirlane McCray’s pet mental health project, Thrive NYC, had blown through $850 million without much to show for it. It’s a point that I and many other serious mental health advocates have been making for a long time. But it doesn’t end there. The proposed fiscal year 2020 city budget of $92.2 billion has raised eyebrows with nearly $3 billion in increased spending. This, despite a growing long-term debt that’s more than $81,000 per household and despite experts’ warning that the city is on the brink of bankruptcy, should a setback occur. The city is already ranked number one when it comes to highest local tax burden, and homeowners have seen the property tax levy skyrocket 44 percent since de Blasio took office. And what are New Yorkers getting for the high cost of living? Certainly not results. Our homeless population has grown to 76,000, despite a record level of spending. The staggering annual cost per prisoner spent by the Department of Correction on those residing in our city’s jails has jumped to $300,000. Our subways are a disaster. Our streets are in disrepair. Health + Hospitals keeps hemorrhaging money. And then there’s NYCHA, where a tenant population slightly larger than the city of Cleveland is treated with malign ­bureaucratic neglect. Rents are too damn high. There are empty storefronts everywhere. The middle class is shrinking. Sex crimes are on the rise. And no one who visits the city can ignore the public urination, the litter, the addicts openly injecting at needle-strewn parks and other sights and sounds reminiscent of the 1970s. All these problems bring me around to one very simple question: What does Bill de Blasio say to the Democratic voters of South Carolina, Iowa or New Hampshire when they ask, “How are things going back home in New York?”by Team Nicole on
                                                        Mar 14, 2019Menu Menu Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byThis Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis originally appeared in the  share No Mayoral Control extension without state hearings Malliotakis Slams Rose for Voting to Support Illegal Immigrant Voting NICOLENo Mayoral Control extension without state hearings | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressNo Mayoral Control extension without state hearingsThe Tweed Courthouse, opened in 1881 and named after Tammany Hall Boss William Tweed, became synonymous with corruption through Boss Tweed’s use of the building’s construction to embezzle public funds and provide kickbacks to his cronies. In some ways it’s fitting that the old and notorious courthouse is now home to the New York City Department of Education, which misspent nearly $1 billion in taxpayer funds on the failed Renewal Schools program and has recently been exposed for providing lucrative contracts for friends of the former chancellor and the wining, dining and travel by the agency’s executives, paid for by school lunch vendors. With the state looking to allocate another $11 billion in the state budget for education aid to New York City, the legislature has a fiduciary responsibility to taxpayers, and a moral one to our 1.1 million public school children to investigate and demand answers to questions about DOE’s spending practices before Mayoral Control is extended. That’s why I’m pushing the Assembly Education Committee, of which I am a new member, to hold public hearings and have also introduced a bill to require a hearing in each of the five boroughs prior to a vote to extend Mayor Control. A few months ago, Comptroller Scott Stringer released an enlightening report revealing that the DOE had wasted roughly $20 million of taxpayer dollars on expensive and luxurious travel expenditures, 93 percent of which violated the agency’s own regulations. But that’s not all. Equally as troubling as the DOE’s spending on lavish travel were the free trips to Miami, Las Vegas, San Antonio and Los Angeles that the agency’s executives received over the past few years from the same suppliers that had been awarded lucrative school lunch contracts under the city’s $750 million school lunch program. Some of these same vendors provided inedible lunches with discolored meat, moldy juice and chicken containing metal or bones. Then there is Mayor de Blasio’s School Renewal Program, which, as part of its bloated budget, provided salaries for 72 bureaucrats assigned to the program, plus $40 million in annual fees for high priced consultants; some of whom were paid up to $1,400 a day, while the schools crumbled. Over $774 million later, the program is being dismantled after many of the turnaround schools failed to meet their graduation goals. While the Renewal Program had a short and expensive run, it provided three years of lucrative paydays for a few of former Chancellor Farina’s closest friends; including her co-author of A School Leader’s Guide to Excellence. I’ve called on the city’s Department of Investigations to take action. Most recently, United Federation of Teachers (UFT) President Michael Mulgrew reinforced what I’ve been saying for two years – that school discipline in our schools has become a joke as students face zero consequence for disrespecting teachers, bullying classmates and bringing drugs to school. Someone needs to be held accountable for the tens of millions of dollars squandered on vendors and consultants while our teachers are forced to pay for classroom supplies out of their own pockets. Someone needs to take responsibility for children with special needs that are not receiving the attention they require, for overcrowded classrooms that are bursting at the seams and for those students who are being taught in mold-infested classrooms. I brought up these concerns with current Chancellor Carranza during the state budget hearings in Albany earlier this month and he assured me that, under his watch, the agency is making changes and improving accountability. We should all hope so, because, sadly, it has become all too apparent that the taxpayers have been scammed and the city’s children have paid the price by receiving a sub-standard education. The time has come for transparency, accountability and education funds being spent on our children, not on feathering the nests of longtime bureaucrats and overpriced consultants. The public deserves answers. That’s why it’s imperative that the state legislature hold hearings before we give Mayor de Blasio an extension of control.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Mar 21, 2019Menu Menu Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byThis Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis originally appeared in the  share Malliotakis Raises $300k in 2 Months for NY-11 Congressional Run Why de Blasio’s presidential roadshow is such a laugh NICOLEProtecting IDNYC records is about safety and transparency – not immigration | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressProtecting IDNYC records is about safety and transparency – not immigrationProtecting IDNYC records is about safety and transparency – not immigration As the NFL playoffs approach, New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio and City Council Speaker Melissa Mark-Viverito have found their political football. Since Donald Trump’s election, they’ve seen an opportunity to rally their base by amplifying rhetoric that city records must be destroyed to protect illegal immigrants from deportation by the incoming Trump administration. Our opposition to destroying documents associated with New York City’s municipal ID card program, IDNYC, has nothing to do with the federal government, immigration reform or Trump. Over the past few election cycles, from statewide races to local campaigns, a common theme has involved pledges to restore the people’s trust in government, and a part of that trust involves assurances that government officials are acting with integrity and doing all that can be done to promote the general welfare of the people. While they stoke fears among our city’s undocumented population, our city leaders disregard the concerns of millions of other New Yorkers who value government transparency and public safety. Two days after the beginning of our actions to preserve the records, the mayor’s office announced it would no longer retain any records at the start of the new year – a portent of its plan to destroy the existing records. New York City has issued roughly 988,000 IDNYC cards to date and we now stand to lose all the information about who received them and how they obtained the cards. Section 89 of the New York Freedom of Information Law states, “Any person who, with intent to prevent public inspection of a record pursuant to this article, willfully conceals or destroys any such record shall be guilty of a violation.” The city’s actions are a clear affront to state law and the cherished value of transparency in government. When the ID card program was introduced in 2015, one of its architects stated that the document-destruction cause was included in the enacting legislation, “in case a Tea Party Republican comes into office and says, ‘We want all of the data from all of the municipal ID programs in the country.’” While we both had misgivings about the IDNYC program and its perceived necessity, this clause and its supposed justification undoubtedly fly in the face of honest government. Many IDNYC proponents responded to public safety concerns with arguments that the cards would increase security and aid law enforcement by identifying undocumented individuals living within New York City. According to the city, more than half of cardholders use the ID as their primary form of identification. The purging of these government records would more than compromise any perceived benefit to law enforcement by creating a situation where, should someone use the program to create a fake identity for malicious purposes, the city would be left without the means to learn how he or she created it. According to the 9/11 Commission, all but one of the hijackers had obtained some form of government-issued documentation, mostly by fraudulent means. In its report, the commission urged the federal government and municipalities to provide heavier scrutiny when issuing identification. IDNYC application documents could provide additional information of value to a law enforcement investigation. The records themselves carry their own inherent value. In fact, there have already been judicial requests for information on seven cardholders, which the city released. How will they fulfill these requests in the future if the documents are destroyed? We firmly believe that government’s first priority is to keep its citizens safe and we cannot overlook threats to public safety within our city and state. As threats endure, it is critical that we heed caution and remain vigilant. The interests of justice cannot afford to be clouded by shiny political arguments. Repeated references to undocumented residents and federal authorities by the mayor and City Council speaker serve nothing more than to interfere with an issue of extreme importance to all New Yorkers.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Jan 05, 2017Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byThis Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis originally appeared in  share Progressive prosecutors’ pathetic retreat Stop nickel-and-diming our gold, silver and bronze winners NICOLEMother Cabrini got the votes — but not the statue. Why? | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMother Cabrini got the votes -- but not the statue. Why?Originally published in the  Mayor Bill de Blasio and his wife Chirlane McRay seem obsessed with statues. First it was Mayor de Blasio’s misguided plan to rid the city of a wide range of historical statues, ranging from Christopher Columbus to Teddy Roosevelt, because he and his far left cronies deemed they were offensive to people of color. His plan failed miserably after stirring justifiable anger among the city’s Italian community as well as among common sense New Yorkers who realize that you don’t rewrite the history of a nation and banish beautiful and significant pieces of public art to some dusty municipal warehouse. Over the past 18 months the city’s First Lady has gotten into the act with an initiative called “She Built NYC” which intends to remedy the gender imbalance of historical statues in public places; currently only 5 out of 150 statues on city property represent women. Don’t get me wrong, as a woman I feel that’s a great idea because everyone realizes that women built this city, too. What concerns me is, once again, political correctness and a far left bias have crept into a process that should be focused on historical standing and accomplishments. The woman who received the most nominations for a statue, more than double the second place finisher, was Mother Frances Cabrini (Saint Frances Xavier Cabrini within the Catholic faith), an immigrant and nun who personally and through orphanages, hospitals and schools founded by her and the religious order she started, touched the lives of literally hundreds of thousands of New Yorkers and Americans. In the late 1800s, when another perceived immigration crisis was facing our nation, she arrived in New York City and set about helping the huddled masses of Italian immigrants who had recently arrived penniless in a strange new country with little knowledge of the language, culture and what it would take to survive in their new home. Mother Cabrini carried out her mission without assistance from the city government; shortly after her arrival in our city she begged on the streets of Little Italy for the money needed to build an orphanage. She would build and operate schools throughout the Bronx, Manhattan and Brooklyn as well as other community facilities. She founded hospitals in Manhattan that would later merge into the Cabrini Medical Center in Manhattan before finally closing in 2008. The institutions she founded are testament to her actions; between her arrival in New York in 1889 and her death in Chicago 28 years later, she founded and built 67 different institutions in New York and across the U.S. as well as in South America and Europe, all of which benefitted the poor, the infirmed or cared for and educated children. The ancestors of many New York residents, especially members of the Italian-American community in Brooklyn and Staten Island, personally benefitted from her works and the institutions she founded and thousands still visit the shrine dedicated to her in upper Manhattan where the remains of America’s first Catholic saint rest. Earlier in the year, She Built NYC announced the first seven women to be memorialized. Among familiar names like Billie Holiday and Congresswoman Shirley Chisholm are Marsha Johnson (born Michael Malcolm, Jr.) and Sylvia Rivera (born Ray Rivera). Their claim to fame seems to be that they were drag queens who co-founded an organization known as STAR (Street Transvestite Action Revolutionaries), were active in the Stonewall Riots and are considered to be at the vanguard of the Transgender Rights movement. Combined they received 86 nominations compared to Mother Cabrini’s 219. But, let’s not make this into a popularity contest. Let’s look at the hard cold facts. Do the exercise we were all taught as children; draw a line down the center of a piece of paper and list the achievements and the number people who benefited from it. In a city of immigrants Mother Cabrini wins hands down. The problem is, that would be a common sense approach and as anybody will tell you, common sense left City Hall on December 31, 2013, when Michael Bloomberg walked out of the Office of the Mayor for the last time. When common sense fails, action is necessary. Take a few minutes to sit down and call, email or write Mayor de Blasio and First Lady Chirlane McCray. Tell them the time has come to honor Mother Frances Cabrini, the patron saint of immigrants, for the mark she left on our city of immigrants, our nation and all the generations of people who have benefitted from her acts of charity.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Oct 10, 2019Menu Menu Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Statement by Assemblywoman Malliotakis on Rep. Max Rose’s Vote on Impeachment Resolution Statement by Nicole Malliotakis on Rep. Max Rose’s Support of Impeachment NICOLECivil disorder or social justice? We're sliding back to the bad old days. | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressCivil disorder or social justice? We’re sliding back to the bad old days.Friday night’s anti-police demonstrations in downtown Brooklyn are just the latest example of New York City’s return to the bad old days. A slow slip into civil disorder under the banners of social justice by leftists who feel that mass transit should be free, all jails should be closed, and that the NYPD should be disarmed or even abolished. Their actions have been enabled by a brand of elected officials that I like to call regressive progressives; individuals whose forward looking left-wing plans have merely returned us to a time of high-taxes, rising crime and polices that take political correctness to new levels of absurdity while totaling disregarding even the slightest example of common sense. Friday’s outburst was a protest against the NYPD’s recent effort to crack-down on fare beaters in the subway system and an excuse to taunt New York’s Finest for their alleged racism; a surprising approach when you all you have to is look at officers on patrol to appreciate the obvious diversity of the department.   
                                                     
         With chants and signs that included, “How do you spell racist-N-Y-P-D,” “F—K the Police” and “Punch that Cop.” The demonstration soon devolved into anarchy that resulted in traffic being blocked, stand-offs with the police, vandalism and an episode of fare beating en masse, when hundreds of protesters jumped the turnstiles at the Hoyt-Schermerhorn subway station. Yet, much to the chagrin of the demonstrators, there were no displays of police brutality or overreaction and only one demonstrator was arrested; she scrawled “PIGS” on a police car, while another was given a summons for spitting on an officer. By Saturday, Congresswoman Alexandria Ocasio Cortez weighed in by tweeting, “Ending mass incarceration means challenging a system that jails the poor to free the rich.” A near comical statement when you consider that the penalty for fare beating is a fine and that every ride on the financially troubled subway system is highly subsidized by the businesses, wealthy individuals and homeowners who pay the bulk of our city and state taxes. She went on to offer up an ill-conceived theory that prosecution of fare-beaters “destabilizes our communities.” Monday morning dawned and by lunchtime the word was out that Police Commissioner James O’Neil was retiring from the department and headed to the private sector. A departure that leaves an obvious question; did he jump or was he pushed? Who could blame him for leaving when the mayor and the majority of the City Council refuse to back-up the NYPD and who would be surprised if he was pushed out the door by a mayor who is famous for blaming others for the numerous failures of his administration? I wish our new commissioner, Dermot Shea, the best of luck; he’s a highly respected 28-year veteran of the NYPD, who started as a beat cop and rose through the ranks to his most recent post as chief of detectives. Sadly, Commissioner Shea has to deal with Mayor de Blasio, who seems incapable of understanding that criminals need to be prosecuted for their crimes, not rewarded. An attitude that was put on full display with the news that broke late Sunday that 900 Rikers Island inmates, many charged with felonies, may be released before the new bail reform legislation takes effect in January. If that isn’t disturbing enough, the mayor wants to shower them incentives such as Mets tickets, movie tickets and gift cards to make sure they return for their court date. In other words he’s rewarding criminals for breaking the law and in the process totally undercutting the criminal justice system and the taxpayers who fund it. In addition, Commissioner Shea will constantly face the tweets of AOC and her revolutionary chorus, the same collective of elected officials, community activists and socialist operatives that managed to kill the Amazon deal in Queens and the 25,000 good paying jobs that came with it. They’ve joined forces with Mayor de Blasio to close down Rikers Island and relocate its inmates to four new high-rise jails located in every borough except Staten Island. But it won’t end there, and as Mayor de Blasio’s term winds-down, expect them to continue on their mission to handcuff our police, hobble our criminal justice system and coddle the criminals. The city is in a downward spiral for sure. Lenient Judges continually release bad guys back onto our street, liberal politicians trip over themselves to cater to criminals, and a growing disrespect for law and order and a clear-cut air of hostility towards the NYPD are clearly disturbing trends. It’s up to law-abiding citizens to stand up and speak out; hold the mayor, the governor and elected judges and officials accountable. Remind them that the first responsibility of any government is the protection of its citizens.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Nov 07, 2019Menu Menu Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis other donate now other donate now NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byThis Op-Ed originally appeared in the  Chip in and Stand with Nicole: Chip in and Stand with Nicole: share Watch: Nicole on Tucker Carlson Blasts New York’s Radical Bail Reform Law Statement by Assemblywoman Malliotakis on Rep. Max Rose’s Vote on Impeachment Resolution NICOLEProgressive prosecutors' pathetic retreat | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressProgressive prosecutors’ pathetic retreatYou can now ride the subway for free. At least that is the message being sent by progressive prosecutors. Manhattan District Attorney Cy Vance declared his office would not prosecute turnstile jumpers. A similar pledge has been made by Brooklyn District Attorney Eric Gonzalez. Nothing in life is free, of course, and New Yorkers will pay for this through the nose in two important ways. Let’s start with the fiscal impact. Fare-beating on the subway and buses costs the cash-strapped Metropolitan Transportation Authority an estimated $100 million a year — and that was before the city broadcast an open invitation to cheat by essentially promising no consequences for doing so. Expect that number to rise dramatically. This misguided plan also comes at the same time the MTA is begging the city and state to fund its $800 million rescue plan and desperately seeking a dedicated revenue stream to upgrade its outdated subway signals and infrastructure. With 70,000 monthly subway delays, which lead to $400 million in annual losses for businesses and employees, it’s not the time to encourage theft of service. That’s the literal, financial cost. Then there’s public safety. Some of the most hardened criminals on our streets have arrests for turnstile jumping on their rap sheets. Alexander Bonds, the schizophrenic man who assassinated NYPD Officer Miosotis Familia in July, had six arrests on his record, including turnstile jumping. Similarly, Jose Gonzalez, who stole FDNY Emergency Medical Technician Yadira Arroyo’s ambulance before running her over with it, also had turnstile jumping among his more than two dozen misdemeanor charges. Last month, Staten Island grandfather Jacinto Suarez was punched by 18-year-old Edward Cordero and fell to his death on the subway tracks while waiting for the R train at Brooklyn’s MetroTech Station. Cordero had been previously arrested seven times since 2015, twice for jumping the turnstile. And just the other day, police busted an alleged turnstile jumper in Manhattan and discovered he was wanted for attempted murder. When laws that are on the books are not enforced, the end result is more lawlessness and increased disregard for the NYPD and their mission. It took decades to rid our subways of fare-beaters and other hooligans, thus preventing other major crime by getting dangerous criminals off the streets; now it seems some politicians are prepared to welcome them back with open arms. Sex crimes on the subway have been increasing at a steady rate over the last few years. Between 2014 and 2016 alone, reports of sexual assault on trains jumped over 51 percent. While some of us in the state Legislature are trying to crack down on these crimes with more stringent laws, the city’s new policy is making it more and more difficult to control lewd acts on subway trains by welcoming perverts to ride for free. Plus there’s the quality-of-life deterioration: This will surely also encourage more panhandling in subway stations and on trains. Should someone go to jail for jumping a turnstile? No. But we can’t expect fare beaters to pay a $100 summons for skipping a $2.75 fare, either. A real deterrent, such as community service for first-time offenders, is necessary both for maintaining our transit system, and for keeping riders safe.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Feb 04, 2018Menu Menu Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byThis Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis originally appeared in the  share Property taxes & the ‘two New Yorks’ Protecting IDNYC records is about safety and transparency – not immigration NICOLEProperty taxes & the 'two New Yorks' | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressProperty taxes & the ‘two New Yorks’Money doesn’t grow on trees. In New York City, it grows on houses. At least that’s what City Hall seems to believe, with its consistent, steep increase of the property-tax levy — the amount of money our mayor and City Council have sought from property owners to pay for the city’s lavish spending. As the amount of spending in the city budget rises, so do property tax bills — raking in $27.7 billion in fiscal year 2018. That’s a cumulative growth of 37.71 percent, or $7 billion, since 2013. Expect it to rise even further with the most recent preliminary city budget set to spend a whopping $88.7 billion, roughly 25 percent more than under Mayor Michael Bloomberg. While nearly every other municipality in the state has a property-tax cap, limiting growth of the levy to 2 percent a year, New York City is exempt thanks to Mayor de Blasio, Gov. Cuomo and former Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver. For obvious reasons, de Blasio and the City Council don’t want to highlight their role in increasing the levy and killing the cap. De Blasio will often deflect by pointing out that the property-tax rate hasn’t increased during his time as mayor. True. But the mayor has been the reason it has stayed as high as it has. Following the 9/11 attacks, Mayor Bloomberg and the City Council increased the property-tax rate by 18.5 percent. Sixteen years later, the city has not only recovered from its fiscal crisis, but ended fiscal year 2017 with a $4 billion surplus. It is long past time for City Hall to sunset the current tax rate. Additionally, de Blasio has been dragging his feet in establishing the property-tax commission he promised during the campaign that would review the antiquated system and propose reforms. Among the problems with the way the city currently calculates property-tax bills is the lack of fairness. For example, in 2017 my tax bill was $5,485 on a home valued at $559,000, while de Blasio paid just $3,581 on a home valued at nearly three times as much. This is partly due to effective tax rates varying by council district. The median effective tax rate in my council district is 1.05 percent. In the mayor’s district, it’s 0.33 percent — the lowest in the entire city. For someone who’s always calling for “income equality” and for the rich to pay their “fair share,” the mayor seems to have no qualms about middle-class families on Staten Island and in parts of Brooklyn, Queens and The Bronx subsidizing the property taxes on his $1.6 million home in Park Slope, Brooklyn. In addition to capping the levy and sunsetting the post-9/11 rate increase, the commission should examine establishing one effective tax rate for all, making tax bills reflect market values instead of assessed values while implementing circuit breakers to protect senior citizens and those who’ve lived in their homes for a long time and have seen their market values soar.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Mar 08, 2018Menu Menu Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byThis Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis originally appeared in the  share Proposed internet sales tax bad for New York Progressive prosecutors’ pathetic retreat NICOLELet the people, not politicians, choose the next New York attorney general | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressLet the people, not politicians, choose the next New York attorney general: Schneiderman's replacement should be electedThe sudden and shocking resignation of state Attorney General Eric Schneiderman has brought to light the archaic legal guidelines for replacing the Empire State’s chief law enforcement officer or its controller if the elected official resigns or dies while in office. Under the current law, the governor appoints an acting attorney general until such time as the state legislature meets and votes on a candidate to fill out the term. In a state with a seemingly endless number of ethically challenged elected officials, this is a recipe for civic disaster. Do we really want an attorney general who is beholden to the leadership of the state Senate and Assembly, especially when you consider that in recent years the leaders of both legislative bodies have been indicted on corruption charges? Within hours after Schneiderman’s resignation, the backroom dealmaking had begun to see who could line up the necessary number of votes in the legislature to become the new attorney general. It now appears that New York City Public Advocate Letitia James is the frontrunner. Both the attorney general and controller are supposed to be independent and, among their responsibilities, serve as checks and balances on other parts of the government. But how can they be truly independent if their heads are selected by members of the state legislature, with particular influence from the Assembly speaker? That’s why I’m introducing legislation that would take the selection process out of the hands of the politicians and put it in the hands of the voters, as it should be in a democracy. Under my legislation, the governor would have 60 days from the date the vacancy occurred to call a Special Election, which would take place in a 45-60 day window. If the vacancy occurred in the same calendar year as that office’s regular election — as it does this year — the solicitor general would be named attorney general (or the in case of the comptroller, the first deputy comptroller) until the November general election picks a replacement. Under this system, the usual primary process would take place to select the party nominees for the general election in November. Additionally, this would prevent the unfair advantage of an acting attorney general or controller running for election while already holding the job title. New Yorkers have every reason to be cynical about how state government operates; the “old-boy network,” backroom budget deals and the cloud of corruption that hangs over Albany have made them that way. Think about it; over the past dozen years, a governor and an attorney general have resigned over sex scandals, a controller was convicted on corruption charges surrounding a “pay-to-play” scheme regarding the state Pension Fund and two Senate leaders and one speaker of the assembly have been indicted on corruption charges. That’s not even taking into account the cavalcade of legislators who have either resigned due to a scandal or been indicted or convicted for some form of corruption or malfeasance. I doubt any state in the nation can rival this dubious record; it alone is a good reason to remove the Legislature from the process. The path to reform won’t be easy, but a potentially good start will be squandered if the Legislature acts to install an interim attorney general and doesn’t let Acting Attorney General Barbara Underwood, the accomplished solicitor general who is now serving in Schneiderman’s role, to complete his term. Let the people select the next attorney general this November. And if this ever happens again, make sure the power to choose is in their hands, not the hands of Albany insiders.by Team Nicole on
                                                        May 10, 2018Menu Menu Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byThis Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis originally appeared in  share Cuomo is playing ‘Chicken Little’ over abortion rights Why does de Blasio keep closing his eyes to sexual misconduct? NICOLEProposed internet sales tax bad for New York | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressProposed internet sales tax bad for New YorkNew Yorkers were recently awarded a dubious distinction; residents of the Empire State were found to be the most highly taxed people in the United States. Now, if Governor Andrew Cuomo has it his way, he will continue to nickel and dime New Yorkers even further by enforcing a tax to help generate the revenue needed to fund his bloated and reckless state budget. This time, we’ll be subject to a sales tax on purchases from large online merchants like Amazon, Apple and Walmart, which do over $100 million in sales, simply because they have some physical presence in New York. Not only will this sales tax take a bite out of your bank account, but it will also infringe on your privacy. Under the legislation, these online merchants would be required to turn over the names of New York residents who make purchases on their web sites to the New York State Department of Taxation and Finance. Requiring private online marketplaces to turn over such lists is not only an invasion of privacy, but also an overreach by government. In addition, there remain numerous legal questions as to whether the tax is even constitutional. Earlier this year, the nation’s Supreme Court agreed to hear a lawsuit brought against the state of South Dakota on a similar tax that was recently implemented. States like Massachusetts, Indiana and Maine have also had to learn the hard way that these internet sales taxes don’t work, having been saddled with multiple costly lawsuits as a result of the legislation. Finally, this type of tax would send a clear message to all internet retailers: New York State is closed for business! Because the proposal applies to those marketplaces with a physical presence in our state, New Yorkers will kiss thousands of well-paying jobs goodbye. Why would any of these 21st century companies want to locate their warehouses and distribution centers here if they will be forced to serve as tax collectors for the state and be burdened with additional record keeping? Currently, Amazon has plans to build a fulfillment center on Staten Island which will create 2,250 full time positions, as well as employ 700 builders during its construction. The retail giant has also named several other New York City locations as contenders to house its massive second headquarters. Unfortunately all of these projects, which would do a world of good for New York’s economy, could be jeopardized by Governor Cuomo’s proposal. In short, this proposal is bad for the consumer, bad for our state’s economic climate and seems to only benefit the tax-and-spend politicians in Albany. Certainly, these are all things that will be at the forefront of my mind as I continue to fight this tax in Albany.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Mar 27, 2018Menu Menu Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byThis Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis originally appeared in the  share Why does de Blasio keep closing his eyes to sexual misconduct? Property taxes & the ‘two New Yorks’ NICOLELesson Learned by the Daughter of a Cuban Refugee | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressLesson Learned by the Daughter of a Cuban RefugeeMay 13, 2019Menu Menu Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byThe Irony of Bill de Blasio’s Fairness PAC Malliotakis urges Max Rose to call for Ilhan Omar’s resignation from House committee after her remarks on Venezuela NICOLEWhy does de Blasio keep closing his eyes to sexual misconduct? | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressWhy does de Blasio keep closing his eyes to sexual misconduct?On July 17, 2017, during my campaign for mayor, I issued a news release containing the following headline: “Mayor Turns a Blind Eye as Sexual Assaults Climb.” Mayor de Blasio and his aides denied any such increase and in fact, during our first debate, the mayor went so far as to attack me for employing what he called “a classic right-wing Republican scare tactic.” Recent news proved the mayor unequivocally wrong. Yet he’s still in denial. First, earlier this month, members of the City Council grilled police officials on a Department of Investigations report that called into question the NYPD’s reporting of sexual assault and the overall operations of the Special Victims Division. The DOI report shows the number of cases referred to the Special Victims Division is up 65 percent since 2009, with 5,661 reported in 2017. Yet the process of reporting sexual assault was flawed. If the assault was described as “acquaintance” or “domestic” rape, it was investigated at the precinct level, never making it to the Special Victims Division. The DOI report notes, “The failure to treat acquaintance and domestic rape as crimes on par with stranger rape is unacceptable in modern law enforcement.” As a woman and an elected official, I wholeheartedly agree. What makes this all the more shocking is the fact that Deputy Chief Michael Osgood, who heads up the division, repeatedly asked for increased staff and resources during de Blasio’s first term — an obvious request when you consider the caseload in 2017 was 62 cases per investigator. At last, we’re finally hearing outrage from groups like the National Organization for Women, which remained silent last summer when I originally raised the issue. Bill de Blasio owes an apology to the women of New York City and especially to those who have suffered a sexual assault. The benign neglect his administration has displayed on this issue has resulted in consequences that are very real for those who have been assaulted by repeat offenders; individuals who should be behind bars. Equally troubling were the dismissive and untruthful responses given by de Blasio, his administration and his campaign to myself and City Hall reporters when I brought this issue up last year. Whether it concerns sexual-assault statistics, meetings with corrupt donors or the impact of bundled contributions from fat-cat lobbyists, de Blasio seems to have a knack for twisting the truth or forgetting the details. That’s what he did again Wednesday, when The Post asked him about the 471 sexual-harassment complaints filed by Department of Education employees between 2013 and 2017, only 1.5 percent of which were substantiated by the city. “It is a known fact that unfortunately there’s been a bit of a hyper-complaint dynamic sometimes for the wrong reasons,” de Blasio asserted. “So I think that has inflated their numbers. We need to address that cultural reality within the DOE.” He added that the city takes “sincere reporting” seriously — but I guess to de Blasio, many women’s claims of sexual harassment aren’t very serious. Over the course of my legislative career and continuing to this day I have had numerous disagreements with the City Council. Thankfully, under the leadership of Speaker Corey Johnson, the council is finally challenging de Blasio and his administration on a number of issues. This will be good for the truth and good for the taxpayers. It’s time the City Council started asking some tough questions — and it’s time Mayor de Blasio started giving some straight answers.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Apr 25, 2018Menu Menu Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byThis Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis originally appeared in the  share Let the people, not politicians, choose the next New York attorney general Proposed internet sales tax bad for New York NICOLEWatch: Malliotakis on Fox & Friends Discusses Drivers Licenses for Illegal Immigrants | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressWatch: Malliotakis on Fox & Friends Discusses Drivers Licenses for Illegal ImmigrantsNicole Malliotakis appeared on Fox & Friends with Steve Doocy to blast New York’s radical new law which allows those in the country illegally to obtain drivers licenses.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Dec 18, 2019Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare New York’s New Criminal Justice Reforms Need Reform Malliotakis Statement on Congressman Max Rose’s Decision to Vote for Impeachment NICOLESupport Nicole Malliotakis for Congress — Anedot PayPal DonorID AnedotSign in to save time donating Donations Secured by Anedot JavaScript is Requiredsaid Republicans have recruited an exciting group of candidates who will “breathe a great deal of new life into—and bring many new ideas to—Washington in a new Republican Majority.”Complete your   donation below using PayPal.
 I affirm the following statements are true and accurate: 1) Federal Law requires that you verify the following statements are true and accurate. I am a United States citizen or an individual lawfully admitted with permanent resident status (e.g. green card holder). This contribution is made from my own personal funds with a personal credit card, and not with a corporate credit card or funds provided to me by another person or entity. I am not a federal government contractor. I am at least 18 years old. 2) Contributions to Nicole for New York are not tax deductible for federal income tax purposes. Contributions to Nicole for New York will be used in connection with federal elections and are subject to the limitations and prohibitions of federal law.The maximum an individual may contribute is $5,600 for the primary and general elections. Contributions from corporations, labor unions, federal government contractors, national banks, and foreign nationals without permanent residency status are prohibited. Please note: A spouse must contribute as a separate transaction. 
By accessing this form you agree to the
 
 
and
 .
 
 
 
 
Donate to create your DonorID.
 
 
©Anedot
 Anedot protects your financial data: 
 
about how Anedot's tools help causes and campaigns easily collect payments and donations.
 
              in your browser to make a secure donation.Anedot confirmed this is an authentic Account for this campaign, church, ministry, or non-profit.$10
 
$25
 
$50
 
$100
 
$250
 
$500
 
$1,000
 
$2,800
 
$5,600
 
Your card code is incomplete.
 
Your card code is invalid.
 
Your card code is missing.
 
Your expiration date is incomplete.
 
Your expiration date is missing.
 
Your expiration date is in the past.
 
Your card number is incomplete.
 
Your card number is invalid.
 
Your card number is missing.
 
Your billing ZIP is incomplete.
 
Your billing ZIP is missing.
 Nicole Malliotakis (NY-11) 
Invalid email or password
 You have successfully signed in Paid for by Nicole for New York (Federal Account)Verified AccountMalliotakis Slams Rose for Voting to Support Illegal Immigrant Voting | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis Slams Rose for Voting to Support Illegal Immigrant VotingToday, Congressman Max Rose voted to support the rights of illegal immigrants to vote in local municipal elections.  He also doubled down by speaking passionately against attempts made by 
Republicans to formally denounce illegal immigrant voting currently taking place in some municipalities. Rose spoke on behalf of democrats against changing the bill language to include the strong statement that “allowing illegal immigrants the right to vote devalues the franchise and diminishes the voting power of United States Citizen.” During his floor speech, Rose called attempts to include the language “a joke.”  Cities like San Francisco and multiple municipalities across Maryland currently allow illegal immigrants to vote in local elections, diminishing the voting power of United States citizens. Proposals have been introduced in cities across the country including Boston and New York to allow non-citizens to vote as well.   “Our worst fear is coming true. We have a representative in Congress who joins progressives in Washington in refusing to denounce municipalities that are allowing illegal immigrants to vote. 
Yesterday, he voted to reduce the voting age to 16 years old and today he voted to support the participation of illegal immigrants in elections. This is not in line with the views of the vast majority of Staten Islanders and residents of Southwest Brooklyn. Max Rose has now completely abandoned the commonsense rhetoric he used to get elected and is embracing the radical agenda being advanced by his party.”by Team Nicole on
                                                        Mar 08, 2019Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Why de Blasio’s presidential roadshow is such a laugh Malliotakis Statement on Rose Vote to Block Trump Emergency Declaration NICOLECuomo is playing 'Chicken Little' over abortion rights | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressCuomo is playing ‘Chicken Little’ over abortion rightsAnother Supreme Court nomination by a Republican president, another attempt to use cynical scare tactics by the Empire State’s own version of Chicken Little. An executive order signed last week by Gov. Andrew Cuomo is a knee-jerk attempt to protect his left flank from his current rival and newly minted “democratic socialist” Cynthia Nixon. In this instance, the sky is supposedly falling because President Trump had the audacity to pick a well respected and longtime member of the federal bench as his nominee for the US Supreme Court. And, before he was even named, much less his confirmation hearings, the psychics of the Democratic Party already seem to know how Judge Brett Kavanaugh will vote on myriad issues — many of which haven’t even reached the Supreme Court’s docket. At a news conference last week, Cuomo breathlessly announced that his signing of the executive order “protects a woman’s right to choose, protects a woman’s right to contraceptive care.” The problem with this scenario is that no one had even discussed taking these rights away. For close to a half-century, the Democratic Party has used Roe v. Wade as a political bogeyman to scare women and score political points by threatening that electing Republicans would result in this landmark decision on abortion rights being overturned. History puts the lie to this scare tactic. Since the decision on Roe v. Wade was handed down in 1973, there have been six Republican presidents. For 20 of those years, there’s been a Republican majority in either the House or the Senate and for a four-year period under George W. Bush, the GOP controlled both houses of Congress and the presidency. Somehow, through all of this, laws regarding a woman’s access to contraception and abortion in New York state have remained basically unchanged. When one takes a close look at the governor’s executive order, it becomes clear that Cuomo’s actions aren’t focused on maintaining the status quo. He, in fact, is the one attempting to bring about radical change and carry out a bold implementation of his political will that not only circumvents the Legislature, but will also allow minors and even preteens access to free contraception without parental notification or consent. Something I doubt will sit well with most parents in the Empire State.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Jul 19, 2018Menu Menu Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byThis Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis originally appeared in the  share The property tax disparity in Brooklyn must end Let the people, not politicians, choose the next New York attorney general NICOLEMalliotakis to Rose: What "values" do you share will "friend" Rep. Omar? | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis to Rose: What “values” do you share will “friend” Rep. Omar?Yesterday morning, Congressman Max Rose condemned Congresswoman Omar’s anti-Semitic remarks but by the end of the day he was back at putting his party loyalties ahead of doing what’s right, calling the ultra liberal Omar his “friend” with whom he “shares values” after she once again made vile anti-Semitic statements and attacked our NATION’S TRUE FRIEND AND ALLY Israel. Equally as disturbing, she will be fundraising next week with an individual who promoted social media posts calling the Jewish people “stinking” and for them to be “destroyed.” Can’t wait to hear Doublespeak Max trying to justify his friend’s action. Hey   thank you for stopping by the office today! I appreciated your call to do better as a friend and ally and appreciate your courage in calling out the double standard in Congress.  — Ilhan Omar (@IlhanMN)by Team Nicole on
                                                        Feb 12, 2019Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare We’re paying a price for the de Blasio-Cuomo spending binge Immigration deal or no deal? America’s watching NICOLEBelow is a statement from NYS Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis who filed for the NY-11 seat currently held by Rep. Max Rose.Loved ones pack into the Island's cemeteries as gates open up for Mother's Day | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressLoved ones pack into the Island’s cemeteries as gates open up for Mother’s DayMay 10, 2020Menu Menu Staten Island Advance NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byRepublican delegation asks city to open beaches, golf and tennis courts, citing mental health Nicole Malliotakis: ‘This Is a Time for Our Country to Come Together’ NICOLEMalliotakis Statement on Rose Vote to Block Trump Emergency Declaration | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis Statement on Rose Vote to Block Trump Emergency DeclarationYesterday, Congressman Max Rose voted with Nancy Pelosi, Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez and Ilhan Omar to override President Trump’s emergency declaration to secure our borders at the request of U.S. Customs and Border Protection so they can stop drug and human trafficking and the flood of unvetted individuals from entering our country unlawfully. Last week he dishonestly claimed that President Trump could take the $400M appropriated by Congressman Donovan in 2016 to build Staten Island’s sea wall and use it to fund border fencing instead. The President’s executive order does no such thing. The funding to secure our border would come from: $600 million from Treasury in drug forfeiture funds; 
$2.5 billion from the Department of Defense (DOD) counter drug activities; 
$3.6 billion from the Department of Defense construction fund authorized in the John McCain Defense Authorization bill. For our new representative in Congress to instill fear in the residents of the East Shore who have been waiting for the sea wall and claim that President Trump would potentially be taking the money for this project is irresponsible and wrong. The federal funds for the sea wall secured by Congressman Donovan, along with the $65M in city funding and the $151M we allocated at the state level, has been and continues to be there to fund our sea wall project.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Feb 27, 2019Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Malliotakis Slams Rose for Voting to Support Illegal Immigrant Voting We’re paying a price for the de Blasio-Cuomo spending binge NICOLEBelow is a statement from NYS Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis who filed for the NY-11 seat currently held by Rep. Max Rose.Malliotakis: Reopening New York Starts with Common Sense Steps | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis: Reopening New York Starts with Common Sense StepsMay 13, 2020Menu Menu Fox Business NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byPut All Home Contract and Associated Trades Back to Work Republican delegation asks city to open beaches, golf and tennis courts, citing mental health NICOLEMalliotakis: Rose Cut Bad Deal for Commuters Using Verrazzano | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis: Rose Cut Bad Deal for Commuters Using Verrazzano                 Rose-Nadler-MTA Toll Scheme Snuck Into the $1.4 Trillion Spending BillAssemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis said, “Max Rose has done a disservice to our community by sneaking his and Jerry Nadler’s two-way tolling scheme into the $1.4 trillion spending bill. Nadler supports it because it would reduce congestion in his lower Manhattan district. The MTA supports it because it would provide $12 million in additional revenue the agency can misspend. “What is the benefit for Staten Island and Southern Brooklyn? Nothing! “According to the MTA’s own study, It will add 4,000 more vehicles during our evening commute, increase vehicle speeds in the morning by no more than 0.1 MPH and the additional $12 million surplus won’t be used to lower the tolls for local residents. “Ensuring that the extra revenue is used to lower the cost to constituents who suffer under these excessive tolls and heavy traffic is the very least Congressman Max Rose should have done.”by Team Nicole on
                                                        Dec 20, 2019Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Malliotakis Signs Pledge Committing to Co-Sponsor Term Limits for Congress New York’s New Criminal Justice Reforms Need Reform NICOLEWatch: Nicole on Tucker Carlson Blasts New York's Radical Bail Reform Law | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressWatch: Nicole on Tucker Carlson Blasts New York’s Radical Bail Reform LawLast night, Nicole appeared on Tucker Carlson’s show to talk about New York’s radical bail “reform” law that takes effect on January 1st. Passed by the Democrats who control state government in Albany, it eliminates cash bail for dozens of serious crimes like assault, strangulation, harming children, dealing drugs and even some homicides. This new bail law also protects illegal immigrants charged with these crimes from federal immigration detainer orders—taking us further down the road toward being a Sanctuary State. And instead of bail, Bill de Blasio plans to give these defendants tickets to the Mets and the movies to get them to return for their court date. Please watch the video, share it with your friends, and contact Governor Cuomo’s office today at  .by Team Nicole on
                                                        Nov 14, 2019Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Assemblywoman Malliotakis Slams Bail Reform Civil disorder or social justice? We’re sliding back to the bad old days. NICOLEStatement by Nicole Malliotakis on Rep. Max Rose's Support of Impeachment | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressStatement by Nicole Malliotakis on Rep. Max Rose’s Support of ImpeachmentAssemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis said, Nicole Malliotakis said, “Just one day after finding out he had a challenger in the Democrat primary, Congressman Max Rose caved to socialists Reps. Alexandria Ocasio Cortez, Ilhan Omar and Nancy Pelosi in the rush to impeach President Donald Trump. It just shows that when pressure is applied, Max Rose stands with the radical left instead of Staten Island.”by Team Nicole on
                                                        Oct 02, 2019Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Mother Cabrini got the votes — but not the statue. Why? Watch: Malliotakis on Tucker Carlson Tonight discusses NYC plan to eliminate Gifted Programs NICOLEStatement by Assemblywoman Malliotakis on Rep. Max Rose's Vote on Impeachment Resolution | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressStatement by Assemblywoman Malliotakis on Rep. Max Rose’s Vote on Impeachment ResolutionAssemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis said, “Max Rose’s support of the impeachment resolution is another slap in the face for those who elected him to Congress. As a candidate he promised he wouldn’t support Nancy Pelosi, as our congressman, he’s voted with her over 95% of the time.  “Now, along with radical Reps. Alexandria Ocasio Cortez, Ilhan Omar and Adam Schiff, he’ cynically voted to waste more taxpayer money and time on a partisan witch-hunt. It’s fitting this vote took place on Halloween because since Max Rose moved to this district to run for office, he has been deceitfully tricking the voters, but today his mask completely comes off.”by Team Nicole on
                                                        Oct 31, 2019Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Civil disorder or social justice? We’re sliding back to the bad old days. Mother Cabrini got the votes — but not the statue. Why? NICOLESupport Nicole Malliotakis for Congress — Anedot PayPal DonorID AnedotSign in to save time donating Donations Secured by Anedot JavaScript is RequiredDonate Now.Complete your   donation below using PayPal.
 I affirm the following statements are true and accurate: 1) Federal Law requires that you verify the following statements are true and accurate. I am a United States citizen or an individual lawfully admitted with permanent resident status (e.g. green card holder). This contribution is made from my own personal funds with a personal credit card, and not with a corporate credit card or funds provided to me by another person or entity. I am not a federal government contractor. I am at least 18 years old. 2) Contributions to Nicole for New York are not tax deductible for federal income tax purposes. Contributions to Nicole for New York will be used in connection with federal elections and are subject to the limitations and prohibitions of federal law.The maximum an individual may contribute is $5,600 for the primary and general elections. Contributions from corporations, labor unions, federal government contractors, national banks, and foreign nationals without permanent residency status are prohibited. Please note: A spouse must contribute as a separate transaction. 
By accessing this form you agree to the
 
 
and
 .
 
 
 
 
Donate to create your DonorID.
 
 
©Anedot
 Anedot protects your financial data: 
 
about how Anedot's tools help causes and campaigns easily collect payments and donations.
 
              in your browser to make a secure donation.Anedot confirmed this is an authentic Account for this campaign, church, ministry, or non-profit.$10
 
$25
 
$50
 
$100
 
$250
 
$500
 
$1,000
 
$2,500
 Back 
Your card code is incomplete.
 
Your card code is invalid.
 
Your card code is missing.
 
Your expiration date is incomplete.
 
Your expiration date is missing.
 
Your expiration date is in the past.
 
Your card number is incomplete.
 
Your card number is invalid.
 
Your card number is missing.
 
Your billing ZIP is incomplete.
 
Your billing ZIP is missing.
 Nicole Malliotakis (NY-11) 
Invalid email or password
 You have successfully signed in Paid for by Nicole for New York (Federal Account)Verified AccountSupport Nicole Malliotakis for Congress — Anedot PayPal DonorID AnedotSign in to save time donating Donations Secured by Anedot JavaScript is RequiredDonate Now.Complete your   donation below using PayPal.
 I affirm the following statements are true and accurate: 1) Federal Law requires that you verify the following statements are true and accurate. I am a United States citizen or an individual lawfully admitted with permanent resident status (e.g. green card holder). This contribution is made from my own personal funds with a personal credit card, and not with a corporate credit card or funds provided to me by another person or entity. I am not a federal government contractor. I am at least 18 years old. 2) Contributions to Nicole for New York are not tax deductible for federal income tax purposes. Contributions to Nicole for New York will be used in connection with federal elections and are subject to the limitations and prohibitions of federal law.The maximum an individual may contribute is $5,600 for the primary and general elections. Contributions from corporations, labor unions, federal government contractors, national banks, and foreign nationals without permanent residency status are prohibited. Please note: A spouse must contribute as a separate transaction. 
By accessing this form you agree to the
 
 
and
 .
 
 
 
 
Donate to create your DonorID.
 
 
©Anedot
 Anedot protects your financial data: 
 
about how Anedot's tools help causes and campaigns easily collect payments and donations.
 
              in your browser to make a secure donation.Anedot confirmed this is an authentic Account for this campaign, church, ministry, or non-profit.$10
 
$25
 
$50
 
$100
 
$250
 
$500
 
$1,000
 
$2,500
 Back 
Your card code is incomplete.
 
Your card code is invalid.
 
Your card code is missing.
 
Your expiration date is incomplete.
 
Your expiration date is missing.
 
Your expiration date is in the past.
 
Your card number is incomplete.
 
Your card number is invalid.
 
Your card number is missing.
 
Your billing ZIP is incomplete.
 
Your billing ZIP is missing.
 Nicole Malliotakis (NY-11) 
Invalid email or password
 You have successfully signed in Paid for by Nicole for New York (Federal Account)Verified AccountMalliotakis Statement on Congressman Max Rose's Decision to Vote for Impeachment | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis Statement on Congressman Max Rose’s Decision to Vote for ImpeachmentAssemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis said, “Today, Max Rose declared, once and for all, that he will vote for impeachment along with Nancy Pelosi, Jerry Nadler, Alexandria Ocasio Cortez, Ilhan Omar and the rest. His words send a clear message to the voters of Staten Island and southern Brooklyn and, next November, we’ll send a clear message back by voting for President Trump and sending Max Rose packing.”by Team Nicole on
                                                        Dec 13, 2019Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Watch: Malliotakis on Fox & Friends Discusses Drivers Licenses for Illegal Immigrants Malliotakis Statement on the US-Mexico-Canada Trade Agreement NICOLEMalliotakis Raises $300k in 2 Months for NY-11 Congressional Run | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis Raises $300k in 2 Months for NY-11 Congressional RunNicole Malliotakis, the New York State Assemblywoman and candidate for New York’s 11th Congressional District will report raising an impressive $300,000 in her first quarter filing with the Federal Election Commission, due later this month.  Her federal committee, Nicole for New York, will show receipts of $300,563.55, disbursements of $16,245.11, with $284,318.44 “cash-on-hand” for the period ending March 31, 2019. Making the numbers even more imposing is the fact that the committee wasn’t filed with the FEC until the end of January; which gave Malliotakis only two months to raise the funds. New York State accounted for 93% of all donations with the vast majority coming from residents of New York City. Among the prominent New Yorkers contributing were John and Margo Catsimatidis, Peter Kalikow and Ronald Lauder. House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy’s Leadership PAC contributed the maximum $10,000 to the Assemblywoman’s campaign in a strong show of support. Republican House Members who contributed through their PACs included: Elise Stefanik (NY-21), Lee Zeldin (NY-1), Cathy McMorris Rodgers (WA-5), Martha Roby (AL-1), Susan Brooks (IN-5) and Jackie Walorski (IN-2). Nicole Malliotakis is in her 5th term representing portions of Staten Island and Brooklyn in the New York State Assembly. In 2017, she was the Republican candidate for Mayor of New York City and carried Staten Island with 70% of the vote and the 11th Congressional District with 67% of the vote.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Apr 03, 2019Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Watch: Nicole appears on Tucker Carlson Tonight to advocate for Gold Star Families No Mayoral Control extension without state hearings NICOLEMalliotakis urges Max Rose to call for Ilhan Omar's resignation from House committee after her remarks on Venezuela | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis urges Max Rose to call for Ilhan Omar’s resignation from House committee after her remarks on VenezuelaMay 03, 2019Menu Menu Staten Island Advance NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byLesson Learned by the Daughter of a Cuban Refugee Wall Street Journal & Newsmax Agree – Malliotakis Looks Strong in New York’s 11th Congressional District NICOLEMalliotakis Signs Pledge Committing to Co-Sponsor Term Limits for Congress | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis Signs Pledge Committing to Co-Sponsor Term Limits for Congress                 Calls on Congressman Max Rose to Do the SameNicole Malliotakis, the New York State Assemblywoman (64th AD-SI/Bklyn) and Republican candidate for Congress (NY-11), announced that she had signed the U.S. Term Limits (USTL) pledge committing, that when elected to the U.S. Congress, she will co-sponsor existing bipartisan legislation (HJR 20) that limits the terms that member of the House and Senate can serve and she called on her opponent, Congressman Max Rose, to do the same. U.S. Term Limits (USTL) is the leader in the non-partisan national movement to limit terms for elected officials. The U.S. Term Limits amendment pledge is provided to every announced candidate for federal office. It reads, “I pledge that as a member of Congress, I will cosponsor and vote for the U.S. Term Limits amendment of 3 House terms and 2 Senate terms and no longer limit.” The U.S. Term Limits constitutional amendment has been introduced in both the U.S. Senate (SJR 1) and the U.S. House by Representatives (HJR 20) and currently has 70 pledge signers split between the 2 legislative bodies. The term limits amendment resolutions will require a two-thirds majority in the House and Senate, and ratification by 38 states, in order to become part of the U.S. Constitution. Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis said, “When my 5th term in the New York State Assembly draws to a close at the end of 2020, I will be voluntarily leaving the state legislature to hopefully take on a new challenge of representing Staten Island and Southern Brooklyn in the U.S. Congress. “After 10 years, it will be time for someone new to take up the fight in Albany as I bring my advocacy, ideas and principles to Washington. I believe term limits are important to bring new energy and a fresh perspective to governing. Therefore I pledge to co-sponsor existing bi-partisan legislation to impose term limits on the U.S. Senate and House of Representatives and I call on my opponent, Congressman Max Rose, to do the same.” Thank you   for signing the   on Congress pledge.    — U.S. Term Limits (@USTermLimits)by Team Nicole on
                                                        Dec 20, 2019Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Malliotakis Statement on a Fatal Hit & Run by Illegal Immigrant Released with No Bail Malliotakis: Rose Cut Bad Deal for Commuters Using Verrazzano NICOLESupport Nicole Malliotakis for Congress — Anedot PayPal DonorID AnedotSign in to save time donating Donations Secured by Anedot JavaScript is RequiredDonate today by filling out the online form -or- Use the   to send a check. 
Complete your   donation below using PayPal.
 I affirm the following statements are true and accurate: 1) Federal Law requires that you verify the following statements are true and accurate. I am a United States citizen or an individual lawfully admitted with permanent resident status (e.g. green card holder). This contribution is made from my own personal funds with a personal credit card, and not with a corporate credit card or funds provided to me by another person or entity. I am not a federal government contractor. I am at least 18 years old. 2) Contributions to Nicole for New York are not tax deductible for federal income tax purposes. Contributions to Nicole for New York will be used in connection with federal elections and are subject to the limitations and prohibitions of federal law. The maximum an individual may contribute is $5,600 for the primary and general elections. Contributions from corporations, labor unions, federal government contractors, national banks, and foreign nationals without permanent residency status are prohibited. Please note: a spouse must contribute as a separate transaction. 
By accessing this form you agree to the
 
 
and
 .
 
 
 
 
Donate to create your DonorID.
 
 
©Anedot
 Anedot protects your financial data: 
 
about how Anedot's tools help causes and campaigns easily collect payments and donations.
 
              in your browser to make a secure donation.Anedot confirmed this is an authentic Account for this campaign, church, ministry, or non-profit.$25
 
$50
 
$100
 
$250
 
$500
 
$1,000
 
$2,900
 
$5,800
 Back Back 
Your card code is incomplete.
 
Your card code is invalid.
 
Your card code is missing.
 
Your expiration date is incomplete.
 
Your expiration date is missing.
 
Your expiration date is in the past.
 
Your card number is incomplete.
 
Your card number is invalid.
 
Your card number is missing.
 
Your billing ZIP is incomplete.
 
Your billing ZIP is missing.
 Nicole Malliotakis (NY-11) 
Invalid email or password
 You have successfully signed in Paid for by Nicole for New York (Federal Account)Verified AccountSupport Nicole Malliotakis for Congress — Anedot PayPal DonorID AnedotSign in to save time donating Donations Secured by Anedot JavaScript is RequiredDonate today by filling out the online form -or- Use the   to send a check. 
Complete your   donation below using PayPal.
 I affirm the following statements are true and accurate: 1) Federal Law requires that you verify the following statements are true and accurate. I am a United States citizen or an individual lawfully admitted with permanent resident status (e.g. green card holder). This contribution is made from my own personal funds with a personal credit card, and not with a corporate credit card or funds provided to me by another person or entity. I am not a federal government contractor. I am at least 18 years old. 2) Contributions to Nicole for New York are not tax deductible for federal income tax purposes. Contributions to Nicole for New York will be used in connection with federal elections and are subject to the limitations and prohibitions of federal law. The maximum an individual may contribute is $5,600 for the primary and general elections. Contributions from corporations, labor unions, federal government contractors, national banks, and foreign nationals without permanent residency status are prohibited. Please note: a spouse must contribute as a separate transaction. 
By accessing this form you agree to the
 
 
and
 .
 
 
 
 
Donate to create your DonorID.
 
 
©Anedot
 Anedot protects your financial data: 
 
about how Anedot's tools help causes and campaigns easily collect payments and donations.
 
              in your browser to make a secure donation.Anedot confirmed this is an authentic Account for this campaign, church, ministry, or non-profit.$25
 
$50
 
$100
 
$250
 
$500
 
$1,000
 
$2,900
 
$5,800
 Back Back 
Your card code is incomplete.
 
Your card code is invalid.
 
Your card code is missing.
 
Your expiration date is incomplete.
 
Your expiration date is missing.
 
Your expiration date is in the past.
 
Your card number is incomplete.
 
Your card number is invalid.
 
Your card number is missing.
 
Your billing ZIP is incomplete.
 
Your billing ZIP is missing.
 Nicole Malliotakis (NY-11) 
Invalid email or password
 You have successfully signed in Paid for by Nicole for New York (Federal Account)Verified AccountSupport Nicole Malliotakis for Congress — Anedot PayPal DonorID AnedotSign in to save time donating Donations Secured by Anedot JavaScript is RequiredDonate today by filling out the online form -or- Use the   to send a check. 
Complete your   donation below using PayPal.
 I affirm the following statements are true and accurate: 1) Federal Law requires that you verify the following statements are true and accurate. I am a United States citizen or an individual lawfully admitted with permanent resident status (e.g. green card holder). This contribution is made from my own personal funds with a personal credit card, and not with a corporate credit card or funds provided to me by another person or entity. I am not a federal government contractor. I am at least 18 years old. 2) Contributions to Nicole for New York are not tax deductible for federal income tax purposes. Contributions to Nicole for New York will be used in connection with federal elections and are subject to the limitations and prohibitions of federal law. The maximum an individual may contribute is $5,600 for the primary and general elections. Contributions from corporations, labor unions, federal government contractors, national banks, and foreign nationals without permanent residency status are prohibited. Please note: a spouse must contribute as a separate transaction. 
By accessing this form you agree to the
 
 
and
 .
 
 
 
 
Donate to create your DonorID.
 
 
©Anedot
 Anedot protects your financial data: 
 
about how Anedot's tools help causes and campaigns easily collect payments and donations.
 
              in your browser to make a secure donation.Anedot confirmed this is an authentic Account for this campaign, church, ministry, or non-profit.$25
 
$50
 
$100
 
$250
 
$500
 
$1,000
 
$2,900
 
$5,800
 Back Back 
Your card code is incomplete.
 
Your card code is invalid.
 
Your card code is missing.
 
Your expiration date is incomplete.
 
Your expiration date is missing.
 
Your expiration date is in the past.
 
Your card number is incomplete.
 
Your card number is invalid.
 
Your card number is missing.
 
Your billing ZIP is incomplete.
 
Your billing ZIP is missing.
 Nicole Malliotakis (NY-11) 
Invalid email or password
 You have successfully signed in Paid for by Nicole for New York (Federal Account)Verified AccountMalliotakis Statement on the US-Mexico-Canada Trade Agreement | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis Statement on the US-Mexico-Canada Trade AgreementAssemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis said, “Finally, after a year of foot-dragging, Nancy Pelosi and the House Democrats will bring the United States-Mexico-Canada Trade Agreement (USMCA) to the floor for a vote to ratify.This is a victory for President Trump and the American people as the USMCA will add $68.2 billion to the U.S. economy and create 176,000 new jobs. “Over the past year, I have been a vocal advocate of this legislation along with the Business Council of New York, the Partnership for New York City, the New York Farm Bureau and the United States Chamber of Commerce because we all realize that the USMCA will stimulate our economy and benefit New York State workers and the businesses that employ them. “Canada is New York’s largest trade partner and the fact that Max Rose, Alexandria Ocasio Cortez and the rest of the Democrats in New York’s congressional delegation cynically sat on their hands while Speaker Nancy Pelosi delayed this vote is partisan politics at its worst and can only be described as a dereliction of duty by these elected officials. I urge all members of our congressional delegation to do the right thing and vote for ratification of the USMCA.”by Team Nicole on
                                                        Dec 10, 2019Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Malliotakis Statement on Congressman Max Rose’s Decision to Vote for Impeachment Malliotakis Statement on the House Democrats’ Articles of Impeachment NICOLEWatch: Malliotakis on Tucker Carlson Tonight discusses NYC plan to eliminate Gifted Programs | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressWatch: Malliotakis on Tucker Carlson Tonight discusses NYC plan to eliminate Gifted ProgramsNicole appeared on Tucker Carlson Tonight to discuss Bill de Blasio’s war on New York City families seeking a high-quality public education for their children. Instead of raising standards and encouraging student achievement, Bill de Blasio is using our schools to advance his radical, socialist agenda.  He is attempting to eliminate Gifted and Talented programs for city’s brightest and reduce the standards at our specialized schools that have produced Nobel Prize winners. And instead of investing in classroom education to lift up struggling students, Bill de Blasio has squandered $773 million intended to turn around underperforming schools and funneled up to $1,400 per day to high-priced consultants. As a member of Congress, Nicole will fight to hold Mayor de Blasio and New York City’s education bureaucrats accountable and ensure that the billions in federal tax dollars our city receive are spent properly on our children’s future.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Sep 18, 2019Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis other donate now NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byCan you donate today to help get our message out? share Statement by Nicole Malliotakis on Rep. Max Rose’s Support of Impeachment Watch: Malliotakis on Tucker Carlson blasts bill legalizing driver’s licenses for Illegal Immigrants NICOLETell Congress to end the Impeachment Nonsense and get back to work | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressTELL CONGRESS TO END THE IMPEACHMENT NONSENSE AND GET BACK TO WORK                 SIGN THE PETITIONTell Congress to End the Impeachment Nonsense!Sorry. This form is no longer available. Max Rose recently announced that he “fully supports” the impeachment inquiry into President Trump. Rose and a majority of Democrats in the House of Representatives have lined up behind Congressmen Jerry Nadler and Adam Schiff as they attempt to use   and the trust voters’ placed in President Trump. Just like Speaker Nancy Pelosi, who bowed to pressure from liberal activists and members of Congress when she announced her support for impeachment, Max Rose flip-flopped just one day after finding you he had a challenger in the Democrat primary. Instead of finding real solutions to the challenges facing our nation,  I believe it’s time for Congress to end the Impeachment Nonsense and get back to work! If you believe our elected representatives in Washington have more important things to do than engage in partisan politics at its worst, please  .Max Rose flip-flopped and now says he “fully supports” the Democrats’ impeachment inquiry. 
 
 
 Nicole explaining that the Democrats’ investigations of President Trump are doing nothing to lower taxes, secure our border or improve our daily commute in New York City.Menu Menu TAKE ACTION SIGN THE PETITION The most liberal members of Congress are attempting to use impeachment to undo the 2016 election.  Facebook Facebook Twitter Twitter Email Email sign the petition powered byIt’s time to end this nonsense! impeachment to undo the 2016 election Pelosi and Rose are prioritizing endless partisan investigations over finding real solutions to the challenges facing our nation. sign my petitionSupport Nicole Malliotakis for Congress — Anedot PayPal DonorID AnedotSign in to save time donating Donations Secured by Anedot JavaScript is RequiredDonate today by filling out the online form -or- Use the   to send a check. 
Complete your   donation below using PayPal.
 I affirm the following statements are true and accurate: 1) Federal Law requires that you verify the following statements are true and accurate. I am a United States citizen or an individual lawfully admitted with permanent resident status (e.g. green card holder). This contribution is made from my own personal funds with a personal credit card, and not with a corporate credit card or funds provided to me by another person or entity. I am not a federal government contractor. I am at least 18 years old. 2) Contributions to Nicole for New York are not tax deductible for federal income tax purposes. Contributions to Nicole for New York will be used in connection with federal elections and are subject to the limitations and prohibitions of federal law. The maximum an individual may contribute is $5,600 for the primary and general elections. Contributions from corporations, labor unions, federal government contractors, national banks, and foreign nationals without permanent residency status are prohibited. Please note: a spouse must contribute as a separate transaction. 
By accessing this form you agree to the
 
 
and
 .
 
 
 
 
Donate to create your DonorID.
 
 
©Anedot
 Anedot protects your financial data: 
 
about how Anedot's tools help causes and campaigns easily collect payments and donations.
 
              in your browser to make a secure donation.Anedot confirmed this is an authentic Account for this campaign, church, ministry, or non-profit.$25
 
$50
 
$100
 
$250
 
$500
 
$1,000
 
$2,900
 
$5,800
 Back Back 
Your card code is incomplete.
 
Your card code is invalid.
 
Your card code is missing.
 
Your expiration date is incomplete.
 
Your expiration date is missing.
 
Your expiration date is in the past.
 
Your card number is incomplete.
 
Your card number is invalid.
 
Your card number is missing.
 
Your billing ZIP is incomplete.
 
Your billing ZIP is missing.
 Nicole Malliotakis (NY-11) 
Invalid email or password
 You have successfully signed in Paid for by Nicole for New York (Federal Account)Verified AccountMalliotakis Statement on a Fatal Hit & Run by Illegal Immigrant Released with No Bail | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis Statement on a Fatal Hit & Run by Illegal Immigrant Released with No Bail                 New York State is Quickly Becoming a Sanctuary for Law BreakersAssemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis said, “For months, my colleagues and I have pleaded with Governor Cuomo to call the State Legislature back to Albany to fix a misguided bail reform law that will lead to the release of individuals who have committed serious crimes back into our communities. “This new law does not consider an individual’s criminal history or the threat they pose to public safety. This dangerous law will eliminate bail for individuals accused of committing serious and even violent crimes such as drug dealing, assault, aggravated assault of a child, strangulation, promoting prostitution of a child and criminally negligent homicide. “Even though this law hasn’t taken effect yet, ramifications of its passage are already being felt. On Christmas Eve, an unlicensed driver struck and killed a 35-year-old mother of three in Rockland County and subsequently fled the scene. “The suspect, who was later apprehended and confessed to the crime, was released without bail and told to return to court on January 9, as the Judge chose to use guidelines set forth under the new law. “To make matters worse, local law enforcement has identified the perpetrator as an illegal immigrant; increasing the likelihood he will not return to court. The judge who exercised bad discretion, in addition to the Governor and legislators who supported this bail reform law, have failed us and must be held accountable. Additionally, Governor Cuomo must listen to the District Attorneys Association of New York and the law enforcement community and issue an executive order halting this law’s full implementation until the legislature returns to Albany to fix it. “New York State is quickly becoming a sanctuary for law breakers; a place where a perpetrator who violated our federal immigration laws, disregarded our state laws and then fled the scene after killing a mother of three on Christmas Eve is released back onto the streets without so much as a slap on the wrist.”by Team Nicole on
                                                        Dec 27, 2019Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Watch: Malliotakis on Fox & Friends Pushes Back Against Bail Reform Malliotakis Signs Pledge Committing to Co-Sponsor Term Limits for Congress NICOLEWall Street Journal & Newsmax Agree – Malliotakis Looks Strong in New York's 11th Congressional District | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressWall Street Journal & Newsmax Agree – Malliotakis Looks Strong in New York’s 11th Congressional DistrictApr 28, 2019Menu Menu Wall Street Journal NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byMalliotakis urges Max Rose to call for Ilhan Omar’s resignation from House committee after her remarks on Venezuela 9/11 Is Not a Memory: For First Responders It’s a Current Event NICOLESupport Nicole Malliotakis for Congress — Anedot PayPal DonorID AnedotSign in to save time donating Donations Secured by Anedot JavaScript is RequiredDonate Now.Complete your   donation below using PayPal.
 I affirm the following statements are true and accurate: 1) Federal Law requires that you verify the following statements are true and accurate. I am a United States citizen or an individual lawfully admitted with permanent resident status (e.g. green card holder). This contribution is made from my own personal funds with a personal credit card, and not with a corporate credit card or funds provided to me by another person or entity. I am not a federal government contractor. I am at least 18 years old. 2) Contributions to Nicole for New York are not tax deductible for federal income tax purposes. Contributions to Nicole for New York will be used in connection with federal elections and are subject to the limitations and prohibitions of federal law.The maximum an individual may contribute is $5,600 for the primary and general elections. Contributions from corporations, labor unions, federal government contractors, national banks, and foreign nationals without permanent residency status are prohibited. Please note: A spouse must contribute as a separate transaction. 
By accessing this form you agree to the
 
 
and
 .
 
 
 
 
Donate to create your DonorID.
 
 
©Anedot
 Anedot protects your financial data: 
 
about how Anedot's tools help causes and campaigns easily collect payments and donations.
 
              in your browser to make a secure donation.Anedot confirmed this is an authentic Account for this campaign, church, ministry, or non-profit.$10
 
$25
 
$50
 
$100
 
$250
 
$500
 
$1,000
 
$2,500
 Back 
Your card code is incomplete.
 
 Your card code is invalid.
 
Your card code is missing.
 
Your expiration date is incomplete.
 
Your expiration date is missing.
 
Your expiration date is in the past.
 
Your card number is incomplete.
 
Your card number is invalid.
 
Your card number is missing.
 
Your billing ZIP is incomplete.
 
Your billing ZIP is missing.
 Nicole Malliotakis (NY-11) 
Invalid email or password
 You have successfully signed in Paid for by Nicole for New York (Federal Account)Verified AccountWatch: Nicole appears on Tucker Carlson Tonight to advocate for Gold Star Families | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressWatch: Nicole appears on Tucker Carlson Tonight to advocate for Gold Star FamiliesNew York’s Assembly Democrats have their priorities all wrong! First they tried to strip funding for veterans’ mental health programs (which Nicole fought back and saved), then they killed a bill to cover tuition at city and state colleges for the children of deceased or disabled military. But, just one week earlier, they adopted a budget that provided free college to illegal immigrants. When Nicole first got to the State Assembly, committee votes were not accessible to the public. But, in 2016, Nicole’s proposal to change that was adopted and now the public can see which members voted to kill bills like this. Shortly after, the President took to Twitter and also called out New York Democrats for their upside down priorities: In New York State, Democrats blocked a Bill expanding College Tuition for Gold Star families after approving aid for illegal immigrants. No wonder so many people are leaving N.Y. Very Sad! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump)by Team Nicole on
                                                        Apr 12, 2019Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Malliotakis Raises Most Among GOP House Challengers Nationwide Malliotakis Raises $300k in 2 Months for NY-11 Congressional Run NICOLEAssemblywoman Malliotakis Slams Bail Reform | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressAssemblywoman Malliotakis Slams Bail Reform                 A naïve and dangerous experiment that undercuts our criminal justice systemAssemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis joined with former Assistant District Attorney Michael Tannousis at a Tuesday morning news conference in front of the NYPD’s 68th Precinct in Bay Ridge, Brooklyn, to highlight the recent uptick in crime and speak-out against the new Criminal Justice and Bail Reform laws that are set to take effect on New Year’s Day. During the news conference Malliotakis slammed bail reform as “a naïve and dangerous experiment that undercuts our criminal justice system and favors the criminal class over New York’s law-abiding citizens.” Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis said, “This past weekend, while most New Yorkers slept, vandals slashed tires and keyed over 30 cars parked along a stretch of Shore Road in Bay Ridge. This is just the latest in a rash of at least 35 similar incidents that have occurred on the streets of Bay Ridge over the past month and along with other crimes is a local example of a trend we are seeing in neighborhoods across our city. “Earlier this year the Democrats in the state legislature passed and Governor Cuomo signed into law a wide range of so-called criminal justice reforms that take effect New Year’s Day and will drastically change how law enforcement deals with criminals in our city and state.  “Perhaps most concerning is bail reform; a naïve and dangerous experiment that undercuts our criminal justice system and favors the criminal class over New York’s law-abiding citizens. After bail reform takes effect, 90% of those arrested will be returned to the streets hours later, without any bail required and nothing more than a date to appear in court. This includes individuals with extensive criminal records and those charged with criminally negligent homicide, stalking, strangulation, assault, drug dealing and many more equally heinous acts. Any person with an ounce of common sense will tell you that this is a recipe for lawlessness and violence on the streets of our city which we simply can’t allow.” Michael Tannousis said, “As a former prosecutor, I know our District Attorneys will see their best efforts hampered by these new laws. We’ll witness defendants being released without bail being set, only to then be returned to court in handcuffs because of a new crimes and new victims. Now, the Assembly has gone a step further and taken away a Judge’s discretion to set bail even when a defendant has a violent history. These actions will put the lives of New Yorkers in danger and they must be stopped.” In the last couple of months alone, within the confines of the 68th Precinct, there have been multiple disturbing criminal incidents including a home invasion, attempted rape, sexual assault subway groping, burglary, and assault.”by Team Nicole on
                                                        Nov 19, 2019Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Listen: Malliotakis blasts New York’s Bail “Reform” Law on Cats at Night Watch: Nicole on Tucker Carlson Blasts New York’s Radical Bail Reform Law NICOLEPut All Home Contract and Associated Trades Back to Work | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressPut All Home Contract and Associated Trades Back to WorkMay 15, 2020Menu Menu Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byA politician, a teen and some Kiwanians walked up to a pantry to stage a drive-by-food-drive. Another success. Malliotakis: Reopening New York Starts with Common Sense Steps NICOLEMalliotakis Statement on the House Democrats' Articles of Impeachment | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis Statement on the House Democrats’ Articles of ImpeachmentAssemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis said,by Team Nicole on
                                                        Dec 10, 2019Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis In 2020, Republicans must redouble their efforts to return the House to GOP hands so that President Trump can serve his second term without constant harassment.” NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered by“The House Democrats’ efforts to remove President Trump with no evidence and no facts is a farce of the impeachment process and underscores the left’s desperation to take back the White House by any means.  share Malliotakis Statement on the US-Mexico-Canada Trade Agreement Malliotakis Reiterates Call for Bail Law Changes After Petition’s Success NICOLENicole Malliotakis: 'This Is a Time for Our Country to Come Together' | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressNicole Malliotakis: ‘This Is a Time for Our Country to Come Together’Mar 21, 2020Menu Menu Breitart NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byLoved ones pack into the Island’s cemeteries as gates open up for Mother’s Day Should NYC release inmates amid coronavirus outbreak? NICOLEThe 10 most vulnerable House members in 2020: Democrats dominate | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressThe 10 most vulnerable House members in 2020: Democrats dominateNov 04, 2019Menu Menu Roll Call NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered bySchiff Money Will Taint the House Impeachment Vote Malliotakis: Mother Cabrini got the votes — but not the statue. Why? NICOLEWatch: Malliotakis on Tucker Carlson blasts bill legalizing driver's licenses for Illegal Immigrants | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressWatch: Malliotakis on Tucker Carlson blasts bill legalizing driver’s licenses for Illegal ImmigrantsLast night on Tucker Carlson Tonight, Nicole discussed how, under one party rule, New York State Democrats spent the year putting illegal immigrants before the citizens who elected them. With New York set to give driver’s licenses to those who are in our country unlawfully, we must now set our sights on protecting the integrity of our elections.  In Washington, the House of Representatives recently passed a bill that would require states to automatically register someone to vote upon receiving a driver’s license. The utilization of DMV records have led to some non-citizens “accidentally” registered to vote in California and Pennsylvania.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Jun 21, 2019Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Watch: Malliotakis on Tucker Carlson Tonight discusses NYC plan to eliminate Gifted Programs Malliotakis Calls Out AOC’s Ignorance and Max Rose’s Silence NICOLEMalliotakis takes aim at Rep. Rose over delayed North American trade deal | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis takes aim at Rep. Rose over delayed North American trade dealDec 03, 2019Menu Menu Staten Island Advance NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byNew York’s New Criminal Justice Reforms Need Reform Schiff Money Will Taint the House Impeachment Vote NICOLETake Action: Stop The Democrats Radical New Bail "Reform" Law | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressSIGN THE PETITION RADICAL & WRONG OVERVIEW: CRIMES FOR WHICH A DEFENDANT MUST BE RELEASED FROM CUSTODY, WITHOUT BAIL, AFTER JANUARY 1ST:SIGN NOW TO STOP THIS RADICAL LAWSorry. This form is no longer available. New York State’s radical new bail “reform” law eliminates bail for people charged with dozens of serious crimes, like criminally negligent homicide, stalking and strangulation, aggravated assault on a child under 11 and grand larceny in the first degree. Making matters even worse, this radical new law is a backdoor Sanctuary State policy because, without bail, local law enforcement will be unable to legally hold illegal immigrants subject to an ICE detainer, even if they are not in a sanctuary county.  to stop this new law from taking effect on January 1st. As of January 1, those who commit hate crimes of various degrees including coercion, menacing, stalking, assault, aggravated harassment and even aggravated assault of a child are freed with no bail. other serious crimes include strangulation, nearly every type of drug dealing and criminally negligent homicide.Menu Menu TAKE ACTION SIGN THE PETITION ENDS IN -702 DAYS New York State’s radical new bail “reform” law eliminates bail for people charged with dozens of serious crimes, like criminally negligent homicide, stalking and strangulation, aggravated assault on a child under 11 and grand larceny in the first degree. Facebook Facebook Twitter Twitter Email Email sign the petition powered byStop The Democrats Radical New Bail “Reform” Law 18811 / 25000 Supporters Instead of bail, Mayor de Blasio’s plan to get these defendants to appear for their court date is to offer them Mets tickets! Sign the Petition • Under this law, even those with lengthy “rap sheets” will be allowed to walk free. 
• Under this law, even dangerous criminals who pose a public safety risk can be released without bail. 
• This law removes almost all of a judge’s discretion and many of those arrested will simply be handed a summons, released and won’t see a judge until weeks later, when and if they appear in court. 
• Information concerning witnesses will no longer remain confidential until shortly before the trial. Now, the names of witnesses and their contact information will be released to the accused within 15 days of the arrest date, an action that will make the witnesses ripe for intimidation. 
• In addition, we need to examine our court system closely to ensure that the accused are receiving their constitutionally-protected right to a speedy trial, which the bail law does not address. • Burglary in the second degree (residential burglary) 
• Burglary in the third degree 
• Robbery in the second degree (aided by another person) 
• Robbery in the third degree 
• Manslaughter in the second degree 
• Criminally negligent homicide 
• Aggravated vehicular homicide 
• Vehicular manslaughter in the first and second degrees 
• Assault in the third degree 
• Aggravated vehicular assault 
• Aggravated assault upon a person less than eleven years old 
• Vehicular assault in the first and second degrees 
• Criminal possession of a weapon on school grounds 
• Criminal possession of a firearm 
• Criminal possession of a weapon in the fourth degree 
• Criminal sale of a firearm to a minor 
• Criminal possession of a controlled substance in the first and second degrees 
• Criminal sale of a controlled substance in the first and second degrees 
• Criminal sale of a controlled substance in or near school grounds 
• Use of a child to commit a controlled substance offense 
• Criminal sale of a controlled substance to a child 
• Patronizing a person for prostitution in a school zone 
• Promoting an obscene sexual performance by a child 
• Possessing an obscene sexual performance by a child 
• Promoting a sexual performance by a child 
• Failure to register as a sex offender 
• Bribery in the first degree 
• Bribe giving for public office 
• Bribe receiving in the first degree 
• Arson in the third and fourth degrees 
• Grand larceny in the first, second, third, and fourth degrees 
• Aggravated cruelty to animals 
• Overdriving, torturing and injuring animals 
• Failure to provide proper sustenance to animals 
• Animal fighting 
• Unlawful imprisonment in the first degree 
• Coercion in the first degree 
• Criminal solicitation in the first degree 
• Criminal facilitation in the first degree 
• Money laundering in support of terrorism in the third and fourth degrees 
• Making a terroristic threat 
• Obstructing governmental administration in the first and second degree 
• Obstructing governmental administration by means of a self-defense spray device 
• Promoting prison contraband in the first and second degrees 
• Resisting arrest 
• Hindering prosecution 
• Tampering with a juror 
• Tampering with physical evidence 
• Aggravated harassment in the first degree 
• Directing a laser at an aircraft in the first degree 
• Enterprise corruption 
• Money laundering in the first degreeAssemblywoman Malliotakis Visits Israel As She Kicks Off Congressional Campaign | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressAssemblywoman Malliotakis Visits Israel As She Kicks Off Congressional CampaignAug 16, 2019Menu Menu Jewish Press NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byNRCC Announces 43 “On the Radar” Candidates in First Round of Young Guns Program Brooklyn’s last standing Republican Nicole Malliotakis talks to the Spectator NICOLESupport Nicole Malliotakis for Congress — Anedot PayPal DonorID AnedotSign in to save time donating Donations Secured by Anedot JavaScript is RequiredDonate Now.Complete your   donation below using PayPal.
 I affirm the following statements are true and accurate: 1) Federal Law requires that you verify the following statements are true and accurate. I am a United States citizen or an individual lawfully admitted with permanent resident status (e.g. green card holder). This contribution is made from my own personal funds with a personal credit card, and not with a corporate credit card or funds provided to me by another person or entity. I am not a federal government contractor. I am at least 18 years old. 2) Contributions to Nicole for New York are not tax deductible for federal income tax purposes. Contributions to Nicole for New York will be used in connection with federal elections and are subject to the limitations and prohibitions of federal law.The maximum an individual may contribute is $5,600 for the primary and general elections. Contributions from corporations, labor unions, federal government contractors, national banks, and foreign nationals without permanent residency status are prohibited. Please note: A spouse must contribute as a separate transaction. 
By accessing this form you agree to the
 
 
and
 .
 
 
 
 
Donate to create your DonorID.
 
 
©Anedot
 Anedot protects your financial data: 
 
about how Anedot's tools help causes and campaigns easily collect payments and donations.
 
              in your browser to make a secure donation.Anedot confirmed this is an authentic Account for this campaign, church, ministry, or non-profit.$10
 
$25
 
$50
 
$100
 
$250
 
$500
 
$1,000
 
$2,500
 Back 
Your card code is incomplete.
 
Your card code is invalid.
 
Your card code is missing.
 
Your expiration date is incomplete.
 
Your expiration date is missing.
 
Your expiration date is in the past.
 
Your card number is incomplete.
 
Your card number is invalid.
 
Your card number is missing.
 
Your billing ZIP is incomplete.
 
Your billing ZIP is missing.
 Nicole Malliotakis (NY-11) 
Invalid email or password
 You have successfully signed in Paid for by Nicole for New York (Federal Account)Verified AccountListen: Malliotakis blasts New York's Bail "Reform" Law on Cats at Night | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressListen: Malliotakis blasts New York’s Bail “Reform” Law on Cats at NightNicole Malliotakis discussed Governor Cuomo’s radical bail reform law with John Catsimatidis, Dominic Carter and Kevin McCullough on the Cats at Night radio show on AM970. New York State’s radical new bail “reform” law will eliminate bail for people charged with dozens of serious crimes, like criminally negligent homicide, stalking and strangulation, aggravated assault on a child under 11 and grand larceny in the first degree.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Nov 21, 2019Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Malliotakis Calls Out Rose, House Dems for Yearlong Delay in Ratifying USMCA Trade Deal Assemblywoman Malliotakis Slams Bail Reform NICOLEA politician, a teen and some Kiwanians walked up to a pantry to stage a drive-by-food-drive. Another success. | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressA politician, a teen and some Kiwanians walked up to a pantry to stage a drive-by-food-drive. Another success.May 15, 2020Menu Menu Staten Island Advance NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byRep. Elise Stefanik calls for fed probe of Cuomo’s nursing home policy Put All Home Contract and Associated Trades Back to Work NICOLESupport Nicole Malliotakis for Congress — Anedot PayPal DonorID AnedotSign in to save time donating Donations Secured by Anedot JavaScript is Requiredsaid Republicans have recruited an exciting group of candidates who will “breathe a great deal of new life into—and bring many new ideas to—Washington in a new Republican Majority.”Complete your   donation below using PayPal.
 I affirm the following statements are true and accurate: 1) Federal Law requires that you verify the following statements are true and accurate. I am a United States citizen or an individual lawfully admitted with permanent resident status (e.g. green card holder). This contribution is made from my own personal funds with a personal credit card, and not with a corporate credit card or funds provided to me by another person or entity. I am not a federal government contractor. I am at least 18 years old. 2) Contributions to Nicole for New York are not tax deductible for federal income tax purposes. Contributions to Nicole for New York will be used in connection with federal elections and are subject to the limitations and prohibitions of federal law.The maximum an individual may contribute is $5,600 for the primary and general elections. Contributions from corporations, labor unions, federal government contractors, national banks, and foreign nationals without permanent residency status are prohibited. Please note: A spouse must contribute as a separate transaction. 
By accessing this form you agree to the
 
 
and
 .
 
 
 
 
Donate to create your DonorID.
 
 
©Anedot
 Anedot protects your financial data: 
 
about how Anedot's tools help causes and campaigns easily collect payments and donations.
 
              in your browser to make a secure donation.Anedot confirmed this is an authentic Account for this campaign, church, ministry, or non-profit.$10
 
$25
 
$50
 
$100
 
$250
 
$500
 
$1,000
 
$2,800
 
$5,600
 
Your card code is incomplete.
 
Your card code is invalid.
 
Your card code is missing.
 
Your expiration date is incomplete.
 
Your expiration date is missing.
 
Your expiration date is in the past.
 
Your card number is incomplete.
 
Your card number is invalid.
 
Your card number is missing.
 
Your billing ZIP is incomplete.
 
Your billing ZIP is missing.
 Nicole Malliotakis (NY-11) 
Invalid email or password
 You have successfully signed in Paid for by Nicole for New York (Federal Account)Verified AccountSupport Nicole Malliotakis for Congress — Anedot PayPal DonorID AnedotSign in to save time donating Donations Secured by Anedot JavaScript is RequiredDonate today by filling out the online form -or- Use the   to send a check. 
Complete your   donation below using PayPal.
 I affirm the following statements are true and accurate: 1) Federal Law requires that you verify the following statements are true and accurate. I am a United States citizen or an individual lawfully admitted with permanent resident status (e.g. green card holder). This contribution is made from my own personal funds with a personal credit card, and not with a corporate credit card or funds provided to me by another person or entity. I am not a federal government contractor. I am at least 18 years old. 2) Contributions to Nicole for New York are not tax deductible for federal income tax purposes. Contributions to Nicole for New York will be used in connection with federal elections and are subject to the limitations and prohibitions of federal law. The maximum an individual may contribute is $5,600 for the primary and general elections. Contributions from corporations, labor unions, federal government contractors, national banks, and foreign nationals without permanent residency status are prohibited. Please note: a spouse must contribute as a separate transaction. 
By accessing this form you agree to the
 
 
and
 .
 
 
 
 
Donate to create your DonorID.
 
 
©Anedot
 Anedot protects your financial data: 
 
about how Anedot's tools help causes and campaigns easily collect payments and donations.
 
              in your browser to make a secure donation.Anedot confirmed this is an authentic Account for this campaign, church, ministry, or non-profit.$25
 
$50
 
$100
 
$250
 
$500
 
$1,000
 
$2,900
 
$5,800
 Back Back 
Your card code is incomplete.
 
Your card code is invalid.
 
Your card code is missing.
 
Your expiration date is incomplete.
 
Your expiration date is missing.
 
Your expiration date is in the past.
 
Your card number is incomplete.
 
Your card number is invalid.
 
Your card number is missing.
 
Your billing ZIP is incomplete.
 
Your billing ZIP is missing.
 Nicole Malliotakis (NY-11) 
Invalid email or password
 You have successfully signed in Paid for by Nicole for New York (Federal Account)Verified AccountSupport Nicole Malliotakis for Congress — Anedot PayPal DonorID AnedotSign in to save time donating Donations Secured by Anedot JavaScript is RequiredDonate Now.Complete your   donation below using PayPal.
 I affirm the following statements are true and accurate: 1) Federal Law requires that you verify the following statements are true and accurate. I am a United States citizen or an individual lawfully admitted with permanent resident status (e.g. green card holder). This contribution is made from my own personal funds with a personal credit card, and not with a corporate credit card or funds provided to me by another person or entity. I am not a federal government contractor. I am at least 18 years old. 2) Contributions to Nicole for New York are not tax deductible for federal income tax purposes. Contributions to Nicole for New York will be used in connection with federal elections and are subject to the limitations and prohibitions of federal law.The maximum an individual may contribute is $5,600 for the primary and general elections. Contributions from corporations, labor unions, federal government contractors, national banks, and foreign nationals without permanent residency status are prohibited. Please note: A spouse must contribute as a separate transaction. 
By accessing this form you agree to the
 
 
and
 .
 
 
 
 
Donate to create your DonorID.
 
 
©Anedot
 Anedot protects your financial data: 
 
about how Anedot's tools help causes and campaigns easily collect payments and donations.
 
              in your browser to make a secure donation.Anedot confirmed this is an authentic Account for this campaign, church, ministry, or non-profit.$10
 
$25
 
$50
 
$100
 
$250
 
$500
 
$1,000
 
$2,500
 Back 
Your card code is incomplete.
 
Your card code is invalid.
 
Your card code is missing.
 
Your expiration date is incomplete.
 
Your expiration date is missing.
 
Your expiration date is in the past.
 
Your card number is incomplete.
 
Your card number is invalid.
 
Your card number is missing.
 
Your billing ZIP is incomplete.
 
Your billing ZIP is missing.
 Nicole Malliotakis (NY-11) 
Invalid email or password
 You have successfully signed in Paid for by Nicole for New York (Federal Account)Verified AccountMalliotakis Calls Out AOC's Ignorance and Max Rose's Silence | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis Calls Out AOC’s Ignorance and Max Rose’s Silence                 Americans don’t build concentration camps; they liberate them!Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis said, “Once again a House Democrat has made an offensive remark that at best shows an ignorance of history and at worst a total disregard for the suffering of the Jewish people during the Holocaust. Alexandria Ocasio Cortez’s shameful remarks that, ‘America is running concentration camps on our southern border,our president is a ‘fascist’ and her commandeering of the slogan ‘never again’ are merely the latest example of rhetoric that walks the edge of anti-Semitism and diminishes the meaning of terms that describe the horrific murder of six million Jews. Equally disturbing as the remarks made by Representatives Ocasio Cortez, Ilhan Omar and others, is the silence of Representative Max Rose. Now, more than ever, we need leaders in Congress who are willing to stand up and speak out. Ocasio-Cortez falsely claims Trump is operating concentration camps, compares the situation to the Holocaust: “The U.S. is running concentration camps on our southern border and that is exactly what they are. … ‘Never Again’ means something … we need to do something about it”  — Ryan Saavedra (@RealSaavedra)    “Rep. Ocasio Cortez should do the right thing and apologize to the Jewish community for her insensitive comments. It is shocking to think, that less than 2 weeks after the 75th Anniversary of D-Day, Alexandria Ocasio Cortez doesn’t understand that Americans don’t build concentration camps; they liberate them.” .  should apologize to Jewish community for her insensitive comments & then pick up a history book. It is shocking to think, that less than 2 weeks after the 75th Anniversary of  , she doesn’t understand that Americans don’t build concentration camps; they liberate them.  — Nicole Malliotakis (@NMalliotakis)by Team Nicole on
                                                        Jun 19, 2019Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Watch: Malliotakis on Tucker Carlson blasts bill legalizing driver’s licenses for Illegal Immigrants Malliotakis Slams Max Rose on Immigration Amnesty Vote NICOLENew York's New Criminal Justice Reforms Need Reform | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressNew York’s New Criminal Justice Reforms Need ReformDec 19, 2019Menu Menu Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byStaten Island Republican Party endorses Nicole Malliotakis in hotly contested congressional race Malliotakis takes aim at Rep. Rose over delayed North American trade deal NICOLEShould NYC release inmates amid coronavirus outbreak? | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressShould NYC release inmates amid coronavirus outbreak?Mar 21, 2020Menu Menu One America News NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byNicole Malliotakis: ‘This Is a Time for Our Country to Come Together’ Malliotakis tapped by state assembly minority to lead efforts to restore access to all DMV records including those of undocumented immigrants NICOLEMalliotakis Reiterates Call for Bail Law Changes After Petition's Success | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis Reiterates Call for Bail Law Changes After Petition’s Success                 Over 5,000 New Yorkers Sign Petition Urging Governor Cuomo to Fix Dangerous Bail Reform LawNicole Malliotakis, the New York State Assemblywoman and Republican candidate for Congress, today released a letter addressed to Governor Andrew Cuomo. In her letter, the 5 term member of the state legislature reminds Governor Cuomo that, “It is widely acknowledged that the first role of any government is the protection of its citizens. The bail reform legislation turns that concept upside down by giving protections to the criminal class while putting the property and well-being of law-abiding citizens at imminent risk starting at 12:01am on New Year’s Day.” Assemblywoman Malliotakis goes on to describe the lack of transparency when the legislation was passed as part of the budget; forgoing the testimony, examination and debate that usually accompanies groundbreaking legislation of this type. She also cites a number of important issues related to bail reform that must be addressed for the safety and well-being of all New Yorkers and calls for a closer examination of the court system to make sure that those accused of crimes are receiving a speedy trial as prescribed by the constitution. Additionally, Assemblywoman Malliotakis informs the governor that   opposing the bail reform legislation and she suggests that he calls an Extraordinary Session of the legislature before year’s end to address the issues created by the legislation. Malliotakis ends the letter to Governor Cuomo with the following, “You have an opportunity to protect our citizens from a piece of ill-conceived and hastily passed legislation that will do more to protect the criminal class than law-abiding New Yorkers. I genuinely hope you have the courage and fortitude to take the necessary action before year’s end.”by Team Nicole on
                                                        Dec 09, 2019Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byover 5,000 New Yorkers have signed a petition The full text of the letter may be found below: share Malliotakis Statement on the House Democrats’ Articles of Impeachment Malliotakis Calls Out Rose, House Dems for Yearlong Delay in Ratifying USMCA Trade Deal NICOLEMalliotakis Raises Most Among GOP House Challengers Nationwide | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis Raises Most Among GOP House Challengers Nationwide                 Fundraising success puts her on track to be GOP nominee and take back NY-11Nicole Malliotakis, the New York State Assemblywoman and candidate for New York’s 11th Congressional District raised the most money of any Republican challenger during the first quarter of 2019 according to reports filed with the Federal Election Commission (FEC) by last night’s midnight deadline. Malliotakis, who represents portions of Staten Island and Brooklyn in the New York State Assembly, raised $305,564 surpassing all other Republican challengers and coming in second on the list of all challengers from both political parties. Her fundraising numbers were made all the more impressive by the fact that she did not form a committee until the last week of January, which narrowed the actual period of fundraising to only 2 months. In addition, 93% of her donations came from within New York State with the vast majority of those coming from New York City. Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis said, “I want to thank all my supporters for their generosity as I fight to return the 11th Congressional District seat to the Republican Party. Like so many other Americans, they realize that House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and her far left Democrat colleagues in the House are bad news for America and for New York City and State.  Over the past 3 months we’ve witnessed where freshmen Democrats like Alexandria Ocasio Cortez, Ilhan Omar and Max Rose want to take this country and, quite frankly, we can’t allow that to happen. During the 18 months between now and the 2020 election, I will focus my energy on raising the millions of dollars it will take to win the race and defeat Congressman Max Rose.” House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy’s Leadership PAC contributed the maximum $10,000 to the Assemblywoman’s campaign in a strong show of support. Republican House Members who contributed through their PACs included: Elise Stefanik (NY-21), Lee Zeldin (NY-1), Cathy McMorris Rodgers (WA-5), Martha Roby (AL-1), Susan Brooks (IN-5) and Jackie Walorski (IN-2). Nicole Malliotakis is in her 5th term representing portions of Staten Island and Brooklyn in the New York State Assembly. In 2017, she was the Republican candidate for Mayor of New York City and carried Staten Island with 70% of the vote and the 11th Congressional District with 67% of the vote.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Apr 16, 2019Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Wall Street Journal & Newsmax Agree – Malliotakis Looks Strong in New York’s 11th Congressional District Watch: Nicole appears on Tucker Carlson Tonight to advocate for Gold Star Families NICOLEWatch: Malliotakis on Fox & Friends Pushes Back Against Bail Reform | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressWatch: Malliotakis on Fox & Friends Pushes Back Against Bail ReformNew York bail reform legislation goes into effect on January 1; New York State Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis pushes back.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Dec 30, 2019Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Nicole Malliotakis Endorsed by the Staten Island Republican Party Malliotakis Statement on a Fatal Hit & Run by Illegal Immigrant Released with No Bail NICOLE9/11 Is Not a Memory: For First Responders It's a Current Event | Nicole Malliotakis for Congress9/11 Is Not a Memory: For First Responders It’s a Current EventThe political bickering that consumes Washington, D.C., and much of the nation has been a death knell for many bipartisan pieces of legislation that have come before Congress in recent years. Legislation, which in the past would have received the support of both parties, is now held hostage by one group or another in an attempt to leverage political power in a highly partisan House and Senate. Last November, the Watson Institute for International and Public Affairs at Brown University estimated that the cost of America’s War on Terror will surpass $6 trillion sometime this year, including the cost of Homeland Security and services provided by Veterans Affairs. The War on Terror is unlike any war this nation has ever fought and the first action in this war became apparent at 8:46am on 9/11 when American Airline’s Flight 11 slammed into the North Tower of the World Trade Center; we all know too well the horror that followed. While the rest of the nation watched on television, men and women from around the New York metropolitan area rushed to the scene. Many were fireman, police, and EMS workers who were doing the job they had trained for, while others were construction workers, government employees, healthcare professionals, and plain old New Yorkers who refused to sit by and watch as a massive New York landmark crumbled to the ground and continued to smolder and burn while emitting highly toxic fumes for over 3 months. Now, nearly 18 years later, we find that those who took part in the initial response and the months-long effort to clear the Ground Zero site are suffering from a variety of cancers and respiratory ailments at a much higher rate than the general public. In addition, those who worked, lived or attended school in lower Manhattan at the time of the attacks and in the months that followed are suffering from many of the same health issues, even though they had been told at the time that the air was safe to breathe. As of mid-February the 9/11 Victims Compensation Fund has awarded $5 billion in over 20,000 cases where the health issues or deaths have been certified by the World Trade Center Health Program. The $7.3 billion allocated to the fund under James Zadroga 9/11 Health and Compensation Act has nearly run out, while over 93,000 responders and survivors are being monitored by World Trade Center Health Program. In 2015, I was proud to stand with Congressmen Peter King and Dan Donovan along with Joseph Zagroda, the father of James, as we called for extension of the Act. In the Assembly, I’ve voted twice for much needed legislation that extends filing dates for programs for responders and survivors that are administered by New York State; it was, simply, the right thing to do. Those sick and dying, especially our responders, have paid a high price for their bravery. A few weeks ago, I attended the dedication of a plaque at Ladder Company 82 here in Staten Island. The plaque was in memory of Fire Department veteran Ronald Svec who passed away in February after a 9-year battle with lung and spine cancer; no one deserves to suffer like that. Firefighter Svec was only one of the more than 180 FDNY and over 200 NYPD members out of the nearly 2,000 responders whose lives have been cut short due to 9/11 related conditions. Currently, 11,000 responders and survivors have been diagnosed with one or more of the 60 different cancers linked to the toxic fumes and materials that covered Ground Zero and much of Lower Manhattan. When you look at the statistics, it becomes obvious that the sickness and deaths linked to 9/11 ailments will increase for the foreseeable future and the bottom line is we, as a nation, have a moral obligation to these individuals, just as we do to those who served in our military. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi needs to bring the reauthorization bill to the floor for a vote because any further delay is inexcusable. When it does come before them, I encourage members of both parties, in the House and Senate, to do the right thing and vote for it. There’s no better issue to prove to the American people that bipartisanship still exists in our nation’s capitol. The funding allocated to date and what will be needed to replenish the fund is a large amount. But, it’s a small price to pay for the sacrifices made by those who responded in the first hours, days and months that followed the attacks on our city and nation. They were there for us and, now, Congress must be there for them.Apr 26, 2019Menu Menu Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byWall Street Journal & Newsmax Agree – Malliotakis Looks Strong in New York’s 11th Congressional District Nicole Malliotakis Looks Strong in NY-11 NICOLEPreserve the right to spousal refusal | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressPreserve the right to spousal refusalThe governor’s executive budget proposal contains language that would eliminate spousal refusal, a vital protection afforded to our aging population. Right now, a catastrophic illness resulting in the institutionalization of one member of an elderly couple is an emotionally devastating situation. If the governor’s plan to eliminate spousal refusal is enacted, it will be financially devastating as well. Spousal refusal allows seniors who are in the community to separate their income and resources from their spouses who have to be serviced in a nursing home due to chronic health needs which cannot be provided for at home. Thousands of New Yorkers take advantage of this right in order to avoid unreasonable financial suffering when their spouse enters a nursing home. With spousal refusal, the healthy spouse is able to keep a home, a car and $113,640 in assets. Without spousal refusal, the couple would have to spend down and live the remainder of their lives on $20,850 in assets; impossible to do in any state, let alone New York. The cost of long-term care is crushing. Putting a husband or wife through years of medical assistance can bankrupt even the most thoughtful, plan-oriented families. Without spousal refusal, couples would rapidly lose everything they have earned and saved during their life. This plan would force families seeking home care to spend down their assets below the impoverishment level, leaving families a choice between providing a loved one with quality healthcare during their illness or leaving the surviving spouse destitute at the end of home care. We cannot stand by while state government attempts to raid a married couple’s assets, everything they have worked for their entire lives, in order to provide long-term care for one person while leaving the surviving spouse destitute for the remainder of his or her life. Such a change will ultimately result in higher costs to the Medicaid system, since the well spouse (who will eventually need some assistance) will be without the funds to pay for his or her own care. This will also result in greater depression and illness among well spouses, since the emotional pressure of having a loved one in an institution will be compounded by the financial devastation that will be caused by the elimination of spousal refusal. Eliminating spousal refusal would actually incentivize divorce for a cash-strapped family that wants to provide care and treatment for a loved one. The problem with health care spending isn’t the hard-working families that have planned for retirement and saved accordingly. The problem is the waste, fraud, abuse and inefficiency within the system that costs taxpayers $5 billion annually. Thats where our government should focus its attention.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Mar 15, 2012Menu Menu Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byThis Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis originally appeared in the  share Public Corruption Prevention and Enforcement Act Keeping faith-based organizations from ending up homeless NICOLEPublic Corruption Prevention and Enforcement Act | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressPublic Corruption Prevention and Enforcement ActEvery year at the end of the legislative session, many hot-button issues debated over the preceding months develop into bills taken up at the Capitol. A popular topic of discussion in 2013 has been the public financing of political campaigns. While the intent of the proposal is to stop corruption in state government, the truth is that public financing actually encourages corruption and, worst of all, puts taxpayers on the hook for the bill. This is an example of an age-old practice by New York State government; with no actual solution in sight, throw more taxpayer money at the problem and hope it goes away. The public financing measure being considered by the state Assembly is based on the system used in New York City, where taxpayers provide $6 to match every $1 a candidate raises. To claim that this model has ended corruption in city government would be wildly inaccurate. As evidenced by the recent scandal involving State Senator Malcolm Smiths attempt to bribe his way onto the mayoral ballot, matching funds can appear to be a pot of gold at the end of a rainbow for money-grabbing politicians. In 2009, city taxpayers were slammed for roughly $25 million to fund matching grants. If the same percentage of candidates used maximum funding in a full-ballot year on the state level, taxpayers could be on the hook for over $321 million. This years state budget cut funding for programs and services for the developmentally disabled by $90 million. Transportation service in Bay Ridge continues to be inadequate, while residents are still facing astronomical bridge tolls. With so many critical areas of our community in desperate need of funding, how can we take more taxpayer money to fund political campaigns? Residents are already sick of the negative ads, phone calls and mail pieces invading their homes. To ask them to fund those practices while so many deserving programs and projects suffer is unfair and insulting. To clean up government corruption, we need to enforce a zero-tolerance policy for elected officials who violate the public trust. I am the sponsor of numerous pieces of legislation to do just that, including the Public Corruption Prevention and Enforcement Act. This bill would increase transparency requirements, crack down on abuse of public funds and strengthen penalties against elected officials who abuse their office. By adopting these measures in addition to imposing term limits and stripping pension benefits from officials who abuse their office, we can significantly change Albany’s culture of corruption.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Jun 05, 2013Menu Menu Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byThis Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis originally appeared in the  share Taking action to protect seniors Preserve the right to spousal refusal NICOLERep. Elise Stefanik calls for fed probe of Cuomo's nursing home policy | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressRep. Elise Stefanik calls for fed probe of Cuomo’s nursing home policyMay 18, 2020Menu Menu New York Post NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byAssemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis spearheads drive to reopen dentist offices A politician, a teen and some Kiwanians walked up to a pantry to stage a drive-by-food-drive. Another success. NICOLEMalliotakis tapped by state assembly minority to lead efforts to restore access to all DMV records including those of undocumented immigrants | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis tapped by state assembly minority to lead efforts to restore access to all DMV records including those of undocumented immigrantsFeb 25, 2020Menu Menu Staten Island Advance NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byShould NYC release inmates amid coronavirus outbreak? VP Mike Pence’s nephew, sergeants’ union head Ed Mullins to headline Island’s GOP convention NICOLESupport Nicole Malliotakis for Congress — Anedot PayPal DonorID AnedotSign in to save time donating Donations Secured by Anedot JavaScript is Requiredsaid Republicans have recruited an exciting group of candidates who will “breathe a great deal of new life into—and bring many new ideas to—Washington in a new Republican Majority.”Complete your   donation below using PayPal.
 I affirm the following statements are true and accurate: 1) Federal Law requires that you verify the following statements are true and accurate. I am a United States citizen or an individual lawfully admitted with permanent resident status (e.g. green card holder). This contribution is made from my own personal funds with a personal credit card, and not with a corporate credit card or funds provided to me by another person or entity. I am not a federal government contractor. I am at least 18 years old. 2) Contributions to Nicole for New York are not tax deductible for federal income tax purposes. Contributions to Nicole for New York will be used in connection with federal elections and are subject to the limitations and prohibitions of federal law.The maximum an individual may contribute is $5,600 for the primary and general elections. Contributions from corporations, labor unions, federal government contractors, national banks, and foreign nationals without permanent residency status are prohibited. Please note: A spouse must contribute as a separate transaction. 
By accessing this form you agree to the
 
 
and
 .
 
 
 
 
Donate to create your DonorID.
 
 
©Anedot
 Anedot protects your financial data: 
 
about how Anedot's tools help causes and campaigns easily collect payments and donations.
 
              in your browser to make a secure donation.Anedot confirmed this is an authentic Account for this campaign, church, ministry, or non-profit.$10
 
$25
 
$50
 
$100
 
$250
 
$500
 
$1,000
 
$2,800
 
$5,600
 
Your card code is incomplete.
 
Your card code is invalid.
 
Your card code is missing.
 
Your expiration date is incomplete.
 
Your expiration date is missing.
 
Your expiration date is in the past.
 
Your card number is incomplete.
 
Your card number is invalid.
 
Your card number is missing.
 
Your billing ZIP is incomplete.
 
Your billing ZIP is missing.
 Nicole Malliotakis (NY-11) 
Invalid email or password
 You have successfully signed in Paid for by Nicole for New York (Federal Account)Verified AccountStaten Island Republican Party endorses Nicole Malliotakis in hotly contested congressional race | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressStaten Island Republican Party endorses Nicole Malliotakis in hotly contested congressional raceJan 07, 2020Menu Menu Staten Island Advance NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered by8 Conservative Women To Keep An Eye On In 2020 New York’s New Criminal Justice Reforms Need Reform NICOLEWall Street Journal & Newsmax Agree - Malliotakis Looks Strong in New York's 11th Congressional District | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressWall Street Journal & Newsmax Agree – Malliotakis Looks Strong in New York’s 11th Congressional DistrictHouse GOP Rallies Behind Malliotakis, a Republican Woman, as Staten Island Challenger Nicole Malliotakis Looks Strong in NY-11Republican Nicole Malliotakis’s primary bid for a Staten Island seat in the House of Representatives has won support from GOP women and party leadership In 2017, she challenged New York City Mayor Bill DeBlasio and lost citywide, but won 70% of the vote in Staten Island. In the first quarter of this year, she raised more money than any other House GOP challenger, according to the National Republican Congressional Committee. Ms. Malliotakis, a state assemblywoman, has drawn donations and support from House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R., Calif.) and a bevy of House GOP women in her bid to oust the new Democratic incumbent, Rep. Max . The general election is likely to be a tight one, but Republicans see it as one of their best opportunities to flip a Democratic-held seat and elect more women—which they vowed to do after the 2018 election left the House with nearly seven times as many Democratic women as GOP women. By nearly all accounts, Nicole Malliotakis, state assemblywoman and 2017 candidate for mayor of New York, is poised to carry the Republican and Conservative Party lines against freshman Democratic Rep. Max Rose. In recent weeks, Malliotakis, 38, has raised eyebrows in political circles nationwide by raising more than $300,000 in the first quarter of the year—the most of any Republican non-incumbent U.S. House hopeful in the nation. In addition, the announced House hopeful has received the maximum legal donation from House GOP Leader Kevin McCarthy, Cal., and early endorsements from New York Republican Reps. Elise Stefanik and Lee Zeldin and Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers, Wash. Malliotakis, whose Assembly district is contained within the boundaries of the 11th District, carried 70 percent of the vote in Staten Island when she ran for mayor. In the Brooklyn portion of the district, her margin was 58 percent. “And one thing I can’t wait to do when I’m in Congress is take on [New York’s far-left Democratic Rep.] Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez—on the House floor and on TV,” she told us, “My Mom was a refugee from Castro’s Cuba, and anyone who wants to take us down the road to socialism is on my bad side.”by Team Nicole on
                                                        Apr 30, 2019Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Watch: Malliotakis appears on Fox 5’s Good Day New York to discuss Congestion Pricing Malliotakis Raises Most Among GOP House Challengers Nationwide NICOLESupport Nicole Malliotakis for Congress — Anedot PayPal DonorID AnedotSign in to save time donating Donations Secured by Anedot JavaScript is Requiredsaid Republicans have recruited an exciting group of candidates who will “breathe a great deal of new life into—and bring many new ideas to—Washington in a new Republican Majority.”Complete your   donation below using PayPal.
 I affirm the following statements are true and accurate: 1) Federal Law requires that you verify the following statements are true and accurate. I am a United States citizen or an individual lawfully admitted with permanent resident status (e.g. green card holder). This contribution is made from my own personal funds with a personal credit card, and not with a corporate credit card or funds provided to me by another person or entity. I am not a federal government contractor. I am at least 18 years old. 2) Contributions to Nicole for New York are not tax deductible for federal income tax purposes. Contributions to Nicole for New York will be used in connection with federal elections and are subject to the limitations and prohibitions of federal law.The maximum an individual may contribute is $5,600 for the primary and general elections. Contributions from corporations, labor unions, federal government contractors, national banks, and foreign nationals without permanent residency status are prohibited. Please note: A spouse must contribute as a separate transaction. 
By accessing this form you agree to the
 
 
and
 .
 
 
 
 
Donate to create your DonorID.
 
 
©Anedot
 Anedot protects your financial data: 
 
about how Anedot's tools help causes and campaigns easily collect payments and donations.
 
              in your browser to make a secure donation.Anedot confirmed this is an authentic Account for this campaign, church, ministry, or non-profit.$10
 
$25
 
$50
 
$100
 
$250
 
$500
 
$1,000
 
$2,800
 
$5,600
 
Your card code is incomplete.
 
Your card code is invalid.
 
Your card code is missing.
 
Your expiration date is incomplete.
 
Your expiration date is missing.
 
Your expiration date is in the past.
 
Your card number is incomplete.
 
Your card number is invalid.
 
Your card number is missing.
 
Your billing ZIP is incomplete.
 
Your billing ZIP is missing.
 Nicole Malliotakis (NY-11) 
Invalid email or password
 You have successfully signed in Paid for by Nicole for New York (Federal Account)Verified AccountMalliotakis Slams Max Rose on Immigration Amnesty Vote | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis Slams Max Rose on Immigration Amnesty VoteAssemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis said, “On Tuesday, Representative Max Rose said he was “proud” to have joined with Nancy Pelosi, Alexandria Ocasio Cortez, Illhan Omar and others and vote for H.R. 6; a bill that will grant amnesty to an estimated 2.5 million undocumented immigrants. “This legislation will cost American taxpayers a staggering $34.6 billion dollars without one cent being used for increased security or reforms to our broken immigration system. Even more shocking is the fact that it will enable gang members and those with multiple DUIs and firearms convictions to receive Green Cards and will prohibit the Secretary of Homeland Security from accessing state and federal gang databases to prevent it. The bill will also fast-track citizenship for illegal immigrants, over those who have legally applied in compliance with the law. When will the Democrats in Congress get serious about border security and immigration reform?  — Nicole Malliotakis (@NMalliotakis)  “Max Rose needs to explain to his constituents why it makes sense to grant amnesty to a population nearly the size of Chicago, America’s third largest city and yet it doesn’t make sense to secure our borders to stem the flow of the thousands of people who enter our country illegally every week. “President Trump and Republicans in the House and Senate are willing to work with the Democrats for Immigration Reform and to protect the Dreamers. But, this has to be with common sense legislation that will be acceptable to both the House and Senate and not a piece of partisan legislation that was drafted merely to score political points without ever having a realistic chance of becoming law.” Wow!   voted to prohibit Homeland Security from using state/federal gang databases & to give green cards to gang members and those w/ DUI & firearm convictions. Democrats really stretched the definition of DREAMERS here. $35B cost says   w/ $0 for border security! — Nicole Malliotakis (@NMalliotakis)  Max Rose needs to explain to his constituents why it makes sense to grant amnesty to a population nearly the size of Chicago, USA’s 3rd largest city and yet it doesn’t make sense to secure our borders to stem flow of thousands of people who enter our country illegally every week. — Nicole Malliotakis (@NMalliotakis)by Team Nicole on
                                                        Jun 06, 2019Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Malliotakis Calls Out AOC’s Ignorance and Max Rose’s Silence Malliotakis: Max Rose Needs to Condemn BDS and Call on House Dems to Bring Anti-BDS Bill to Vote NICOLENicole Malliotakis Looks Strong in NY-11 | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressNicole Malliotakis Looks Strong in NY-11Apr 24, 2019Menu Menu Newsmax NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered by9/11 Is Not a Memory: For First Responders It’s a Current Event Congress Candidate Nicole Malliotakis Raised $300k in 2 Months NICOLEMalliotakis Calls Out Rose, House Dems for Yearlong Delay in Ratifying USMCA Trade Deal | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis Calls Out Rose, House Dems for Yearlong Delay in Ratifying USMCA Trade Deal                 “It’s time to ratify a trade deal that will benefit our nation & New York State”Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis, the Republican candidate in New York’s 11th Congressional District, today called-out Congressman Max Rose and his Democrat colleagues for allowing the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement (USMCA) to sit stalled in the House of Representatives for nearly a year. Assemblywoman Malliotakis said, “Max Rose, AOC, Nancy Pelosi and the rest of the Democrats should stop the charade and admit that they care more about their cynical and misguided investigations of President Trump and his administration, than they do about important legislation like a trade agreement that will benefit our nation and New York State.”   
 On November 30, 2018 the USMCA was signed by President Trump, Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto and Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, as an agreement to re-balance and modernize the North American Free Trade Agreement into a 21st century, high-standard trade deal. The new USMCA will better serve the interests of American workers, farmers, ranchers, and businesses and support mutually beneficial trade leading to freer markets, fairer trade, and robust economic growth in North America. Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis said, “Saturday, November 30, 2019 marks the one year anniversary of the signing of the USMCA by President Trump and the leaders of Mexico and Canada. From the moment it was signed, it’s ratification by Congress has been a priority of President Trump, his administration and the Republican leadership of both the House and Senate. “The USMCA is important to our nation, but, it’s also important to New York State because not only is Canada our largest trade partner, but in 2018 we had combined exports of $20.3 billion to Canada and Mexico accounting for a little over one-fifth (21.2%) of the overall value of exported goods from the Empire State. Canada, at over $17 billion, is second only to China ($23.6 billion) in the amount of goods that were imported into New York State in 2018. In addition, our state’s easy access to Canada’s rail and road systems is one of the reasons New York is America’s third-biggest exporter behind Texas and California. Most importantly, tens of billions dollars in international trade creates jobs and opportunity for hard working New Yorkers as well as tax revenues that benefit every resident of our state. “In late June, Rep. Max Rose joined over 30 of his colleagues, including radicals like Reps. Alexandria Ocasio Cortez, Ilhan Omar and Ayanna Pressley in ‘demanding’ that the USMCA be renegotiated; which shows, once again, that Max Rose would rather stand with the radicals and socialists than do what’s right for his constituents, his city and state. His opposition to the USMCA is just another example of how Max Rose claims to be a moderate in his district, yet acts like a liberal in the halls of the U.S. Congress. “Max Rose, AOC, Nancy Pelosi and the rest of the Democrats should stop the charade and admit that they care more about their cynical and misguided investigations of President Trump and his administration, than they do about ratifying a trade agreement that will benefit our nation and New York State.”by Team Nicole on
                                                        Nov 29, 2019Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Malliotakis Reiterates Call for Bail Law Changes After Petition’s Success Listen: Malliotakis blasts New York’s Bail “Reform” Law on Cats at Night NICOLETaking action to protect seniors | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressTaking action to protect seniorsThe 2013 legislative session was filled with philosophical differences and conflicts that slowed the progress made for New Yorkers over the last two years. Ideological debates hindered many important measures from moving forward. However, the state Assembly was able to deliver positive results for seniors in 2013. A key step taken dealt with controlling the cost of living, a critical issue for senior citizens living on fixed incomes. The Assembly passed legislation that would configure The Senior Citizen Rent Increase Exemption (SCRIE), which helps elderly citizens with the cost of rent-controlled or stabilized apartments in New York City, to ensure that those in need of help receive assistance. The administrators of the program would be tasked with reaching out to eligible participants who have not enrolled, as well as providing ample notice for enrollees to renew their exemptions. These efforts would accommodate seniors who lack English proficiency, do not have Internet access, and struggle with sight, hearing or speech impairments. On the cost-of-living front, another bill was passed by the Assembly to create the Farm to Senior Program to promote the purchase of healthy New York farm products by senior centers and other institutions for the aging. The Assembly also acted on several measures to make New York a safer place for our seniors. Laws were passed to help spot elder abuse and increase awareness of resources available to seniors who have been harmed. This will not only help professional caretakers and volunteers stop abuse in its tracks, but will empower senior citizens to access assistance. Financial safety was also strengthened. A bill passed by the Assembly would create requirements for reporting suspected exploitation of a senior citizen by a financial institution with protections for the whistle-blower who reports the abuse. This is a multi-tiered effort to make sure that the institutions our seniors rely on the most are held to the highest standards of accountability and that no misdeed can slip through the cracks. The best is yet to come, however. The MTA has announced plans to restore the B37 bus running to downtown Brooklyn along Third Avenue. For three years, our community has fought to restore this bus line, which residents relied on. New Yorks elderly spent their lives building the communities we are proud to call home. They deserve the support and protections necessary to lead safe, affordable and fruitful lives. Thankfully, in a year when nothing came easy at the Capitol, the Assembly made sure our seniors were treated with respect.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Jul 25, 2013Menu Menu Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byThis Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis originally appeared in the  share Rooting out crime in our community Public Corruption Prevention and Enforcement Act NICOLELegislature's tasks remain plentiful in 2014 | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressLegislature’s tasks remain plentiful in 2014Over the past three years, my colleagues and I have worked hard to turn a $10 billion deficit into what is projected to be a $2 billion surplus in 2014. We’ve held the line on taxes by enacting the lowest middle-class income tax rate in 50 years, provided relief to residents in need after natural disasters, and worked to create a more business-friendly environment. But our work is far from complete, and our priorities remain plentiful. This years budget contains several positive tax relief proposals for residents of New York. I was most pleased to hear the governors plan to provide tax relief for both middle-class property owners and renters. These tax relief proposals would mean more than a billion dollars in annual savings for residents across the state. It was also refreshing finally to hear the governor acknowledge the flaws resulting from the poor implementation of Common Core. Parents, teachers and students across the state have made their voices heard, and I look forward to working with the governor to enact critical fixes I have been advocating for. They include concrete steps to increase funding for education, phase in new standards and limit the use of testing requirements and the sharing of student data. Another particular note of interest to the people of Brooklyn is the ongoing health crisis in which so many hospitals are on the verge of closure. I was pleased to hear the governors desire to ensure quality health services remains intact and I look forward to working with the local residents and officials to deliver responsive health treatments. I will also continue to advocate for more funding for transportation and serve as a strong voice for the full restoration of the B37 bus line. While we were successful in getting the MTA to agree to a restoration, merely reinstating the route to the BarclaysCenter is unacceptable. The majority of my constituents use this bus to get downtown, to the courts, Borough Hall or medical appointments, all of which would still be out of reach under the partial restoration planned. The governor’s budget proposal wasn’t all music to my ears. I continue strongly to oppose his proposal to use taxpayer money to fund political campaigns. While the intent of the proposal is to stop corruption in state government, the truth is that public financing actually encourages corruption and, worst of all, puts taxpayers on the hook for a multi-million-dollar bill. Reaching into the pockets of cash-strapped New Yorkers for personal and political gain is shameful, and an example of government at its worst. As the legislative session begins anew, I look forward to serving as your voice on these and other important issues. I would love to hear where you would like me to focus my attention. Please email me at   or write to me at 7408 Fifth Avenue, Brooklyn, NY 11209 with your concerns.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Feb 06, 2014Menu Menu Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byThis Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis originally appeared in the  share Law-abiding citizens should not be treated like second class citizens Common Core failing early tests NICOLERooting out crime in our community | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressRooting out crime in our communitySouth Brooklyn is a gem among our borough’s communities and the entire city. Business is booming, families are moving in and the community has never been more attractive. That’s why it is so critical that we take every measure possible to keep crime off our streets and protect our community. Over the last several months, Brooklyn has seen an influx of illegal behavior occurring at local massage parlors and day spas. Concerned, proactive citizens have alerted law enforcement and elected officials of disturbing activity like erratic hours, clouded windows and the infrequent appearance of employees. The diligent work of these community members helped spur action that has led to the closure of 17 prostitution rings fronting as spas, alerting the entire city that Brooklyn has a serious problem with this type of deplorable crime. While residents and law enforcement keep an eye on the streets, I am pursuing legislative action to put an end to parlor-fronted prostitution. I have sponsored a bill with State Senator Marty Golden that would increase penalties against transgressors and expand the scope of what constitutes illegal behavior, strengthening law enforcements ability to intervene. The legislation seeks to allow the closure of a day spa when a pattern of noise, disturbance, misconduct or disorder has been established, and prohibits operation from midnight to 5 a.m. It would also make it more difficult for owners found guilty of criminal activity to keep their operations running by mandating early registration for licenses, prohibiting those whose licenses have been revoked from re-applying in that county for five years and requiring a facility to be closed upon any form of felony conviction. Most importantly, the legislation addresses the two most disturbing aspects of this criminal behavior: prostitution and human trafficking. Thats why this legislation not only makes it easier to shut down a business found guilty of prostitution activity, but revokes the property and profit from any business or property owner found to be involved in human trafficking. South Brooklyn has come so far in the last several years, and the sky is the limit moving forward. I encourage anyone with concerns about criminal behavior, questions about my legislation or suggestions on how to protect our community to contact my office, located at 7408 Fifth Avenue, by calling 718-987-0197 or emailing me atby Team Nicole on
                                                        Sep 12, 2013Menu Menu Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byThis Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis originally appeared in the  share Common Core failing early tests Taking action to protect seniors NICOLENicole Malliotakis Endorsed by the Staten Island Republican Party | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressNicole Malliotakis Endorsed by the Staten Island Republican Party                 Malliotakis unanimously selected to be the candidate for Congress in New York’s 11th DistrictOn Monday evening, the Executive Committee of the Staten Island Republican Party voted unanimously to endorse Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis in her bid for New York’s 11th Congressional District. Malliotakis, a five term Assemblywoman and former Republican nominee for Mayor of New York City, is one of the National Republican Congressional Committee’s top recruits and has received support the support of House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy, House Whip Steve Scalise and House Republican Conference Chair Liz Cheney. Roll Call has rated NY-11 as one of the most competitive House races in the country for the 2020 election cycle. Staten Island Republican Party Chairman Brendan Lantry said,  Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis said, “I want to thank Chairman Brendan Lantry and the men and women of the Staten Island Republican Executive Committee for their endorsement and support. Nearly a year ago, I entered the race for the 11th Congressional District seat and during that time I have laid the groundwork, assembled a campaign team and   that will be used to defeat Congressman Max Rose.” “The past year has been a tumultuous one, especially in the halls of Congress. Sadly, Max Rose has proven he simply isn’t up to the job.  “What’s even more disturbing is the way Max flipped-flopped and joined the ranks of Reps. Jerry Nadler and Adam Schiff in voting for their dubious Articles of Impeachment.”by Team Nicole on
                                                        Jan 07, 2020Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered by“Nicole Malliotakis is a   who will stand with President Trump in securing our borders, fighting the socialist, progressive policies of House Democrats, and continuing the pro-growth policies that bring jobs to Staten Islanders. We will spend every day working to defeat Max Rose on November 3rd with Nicole Malliotakis as our nominee.” During his campaign and in office, Max Rose claimed that he’s a moderate. But, in reality,  “My New Year’s resolution is to make Max Rose a one term congressman and return the 11th Congressional District to a Republican who will vote with President Trump to  share Brooklyn GOP Backs 5 Term Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis To Face Max Rose Watch: Malliotakis on Fox & Friends Pushes Back Against Bail Reform NICOLEAssemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis spearheads drive to reopen dentist offices | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressAssemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis spearheads drive to reopen dentist officesMay 22, 2020Menu Menu Staten Island Advance NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byNicole Malliotakis on coronavirus devastating nursing homes across US Rep. Elise Stefanik calls for fed probe of Cuomo’s nursing home policy NICOLELaw-abiding citizens should not be treated like second class citizens | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressLaw-abiding citizens should not be treated like second class citizensThe priorities of those governing New York seem to be lost in a quagmire, and we’re dangerously close to setting two very bad precedents. Our law-abiding, taxpaying citizens are struggling to make ends meet. Yet, plans are being pushed in Albany that would add millions of dollars in new costs to our higher education system without helping a single taxpaying, law-abiding citizen. Assembly Democrats have renewed their push for the DREAM Act, a plan to provide tens of millions in taxpayer-funded tuition aid for illegal immigrants. New York shouldnt be setting the dangerous precedent of putting those in this country illegally ahead of legal immigrants and citizen students, especially after increasing tuition at city and state universities and eliminating tuition assistance for the state’s graduate students in 2010. Many undocumented students were brought to the U.S. as young children and want to achieve the American Dream too, but pressure needs to be put on the federal government to fix the immigration system once and for all. Until our representatives in Washington achieve this, providing taxpayer funds for illegal immigrants simply isnt right. As the daughter of two immigrants, I know the trials and tribulations that go into attaining the American Dream, and while it is not easy, it can be realized. At young ages, lacking money and education, my parents came to the U.S. They worked multiple jobs and made lots of sacrifices to put me through college, and I worked full-time to obtain my MBA at night. Many other middle-class families are doing the same and with the Tuition Assistance Program household income cap of $80,000, they are not receiving any state aid. Recently, Governor Cuomo added insult to injury, proposing that the state provide free college education to convicted criminals. The intent of this program has merit  as education has long been proven to be a reliable and cost-effective way to reduce recidivism  but it sends a terrible message to financially struggling law-abiding citizens. The program should remain privately funded. Perhaps those pushing these proposals are unaware that the average New York student leaves college with almost $26,000 in debt. Or, that families across this state are working multiple jobs to pay sky-high tuition. Either way, one thing seems certain  there is a lack of support and compassion for the taxpaying, law-abiding American citizen. They too are the future of this nation and shouldnt have to take a back seat to others simply because they follow the rules.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Mar 13, 2014Menu Menu Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byThis Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis originally appeared in the  share Tuition assistance for middle class must be priority Legislature’s tasks remain plentiful in 2014 NICOLETuition assistance for middle class must be priority | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressTuition assistance for middle class must be priorityWith graduation season underway, now is the time to raise awareness about one of the fastest growing problems facing our nation. The average student debt in the United States has grown larger than both auto loan and credit card debt. Since 2004, student loan debt has nearly tripled, with students nationwide surpassing $1 trillion in Federal Student Loan Debt. According to research on the issue, two-thirds of Americans earning a four-year bachelors degree leave college more than $25,000 in debt. Ten percent of students have more than $54,000 in debt. Here in New York State, the average college graduateleaves school carrying nearly $26,000 in debt. In 2010, unfortunately, overzealous budgeting of a one-party controlled state government led to a $13 billion deficit that resulted in a $49.7 million cut to the Tuition Assistance Program (TAP), New Yorks program to provide aid for college-bound students. The monetary awards given to needy students were reduced and TAP funding was completely eliminated for graduate students. Simply stated, the cost of college has become increasingly unaffordable for middle-class students. Thats why Ive introduced several key initiatives to help lessen the burden. By expanding tuition assistance eligibility for our middle-class students,and reinstating the TAP program for graduate students, we can begin to provide some of the critical assistance students need. First, we need to increase the threshold for household income eligibility for TAP beyond the current $80,000 to $100,000, so more middle-class families qualify. This would properly reflect the current tuition prices and inflation values, and make it so more New Yorkers can go to college. Finally, we need to reinstate the TAP program for graduate students, which was eliminated in 2010. If restored, this program would cost roughly $3 million annually while opening the door for thousands of students hoping to pursue an advanced degree. The funds to pay for these two proposals are certainly there. This year, the Assembly majority has brought the DREAM Act, which would provide illegal immigrants with tuition assistance, up for a vote three times. If enacted, this would cost state taxpayers a minimum of $20 million. New Yorks focus, however, should be on helping its citizens and legal residents pay for their education. The proposals I have unveiled, not the DREAM Act, should be the priority of the New York State legislature when it comes to helping New Yorks students achieve the American Dream.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Jun 12, 2014Menu Menu Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byThis Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis originally appeared in the  share Albany Must Not Fail Women Again Law-abiding citizens should not be treated like second class citizens NICOLEPassing crucial legislation to keep our streets safe | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressPassing crucial legislation to keep our streets safeIn the final hours of the 2014 legislative session, the New York State Legislature took action on one of the most important issues of the year, passing sweeping measures to combat the prescription drug and heroin epidemic plaguing our communities. Recent findings have correlated the prevalence of the epidemic with increased accessibility, effectiveness and low street value. With the value of opiate painkillers increasing, this cheaper, life-threatening alternative has infiltrated our communities. As repeated tragedies have spread rapidly across the state, the state legislature took action. An agreement between the legislature and governor led to the enactment of a comprehensive 11-bill package to address the crisis. The measures included greater funding for law enforcement, an expansion of insurance coverage for medical treatment for addicts, an aggressive awareness and education campaign, and stiffer penalties for those dealing illicit drugs. The legislation establishes harsher penalties for individuals who unlawfully sell controlled substances and who fraudulently obtain a controlled substance. It also gives law enforcement the additional tools it needs to more effectively track down criminal activity contributing to the spread of drug abuse. The legislation also improves strategies to increase treatment for those who suffer from addiction. By improving diagnostic processes and broadening treatment options and insurance coverage, we can provide addicts with the services they desperately need to combat their addiction. The final measure is designed to prevent prescription drug abuse and heroin addiction before it begins. It provides for development of a public awareness campaign to educate youth, parents, health care professionals and the general public about the severity of heroin and opioid addiction to prevent them from falling into the vicious cycle of drug abuse. It also directs the Department of Education to develop a curriculum for schools. To combat prescription drug abuse further at the local level, a prescription drug take-back program has been implemented in Brooklyn. The program helps prevent unwanted or unused prescription drugs from getting into the wrong hands. Far too often, residents dispose of prescription drugs in an unsafe or risky manner or children or grandchildren take them out of medicine cabinets for inappropriate use. To keep drugs out of the wrong hands, I encourage residents to use this important program. Residents have 24/7 access to drop off any unwanted prescriptions in a secure environment at Brooklyns 68th Precinct, 333 65th Street. The unforeseen infiltration of this epidemic is a frightening reality, and I am pleased that we were able to work together in Albany to enact these new laws. In order to keep residents safe from this severe problem, we must continue to improve inter-agency involvement between law enforcement, health care providers and community members. I believe that together we can tackle this epidemic and save lives.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Aug 13, 2014Menu Menu Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byThis Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis originally appeared in the  share Help New York save taxpayer money and trees, this November Albany Must Not Fail Women Again NICOLEAlbany Must Not Fail Women Again | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressAlbany Must Not Fail Women AgainThe Women’s Equality Act has been hotly contested for the past two years, and now is the time to come together and deliver legislation that helps New York’s women. With one week remaining in this year’s legislative session, Albany must act now or it will be on course to let New York’s women down again. It has been made very clear: The state Senate will not pass the omnibus bill put forward by the Assembly Democrats. Fortunately, Assembly members on both sides of the aisle have stepped forward and introduced nearly all of the 10 points as individual legislation. So why do we continue to linger in perpetuity?  Pay equity, an end to sexual harassment, prohibiting housing discrimination and protecting women from abuse: These are principles we all can agree upon. In fact, legislation on each of these subjects has passed the state Senate, and a bipartisan group of legislators has called for passage of these issues as individual bills in the Assembly. The sticking point is somewhat perplexing. New York ranks among the top states in the nation for number of abortions performed. In New York City, a striking 41 percent of pregnancies end in abortion, equating to roughly 87,000 abortions per year. Clearly, there is not a lack of access to abortion here in our state. Then why do the Assembly Democrats continue to hold up so many good measures for a 10th plank that they claim simply “codifies” federal law? They need to stop holding the Women’s Equality Act hostage and put forth a plan we can all be proud of. That’s why I’m focused on making the 10th piece of the women’s equality agenda about providing women with safe care in a health facility and ensuring it has been inspected by the Department of Health. Earlier this year it was revealed that of the 25 abortion-providing clinics directly overseen by the department, only 17 were inspected, and only 45 routine inspections were conducted from 2000 to 2012. Eight of the facilities went through the entire 12-year period without a single visit. Whether pro-choice or pro-life, we can all agree that the health and safety of women is paramount and that this is an issue that needs to be addressed.  Assemblywoman Jane Corwin and I have introduced legislation that deals with this critical concern for women’s health—a real women’s health issue that could potentially mean life or death for a young woman visiting one of these clinics. Assembly Bill 9538, sponsored in the Senate by Sen. Marty Golden (Senate Bill 7726), affirms a regular schedule for inspections of abortion clinics by the commissioner of the New York State Department of Health, directs the commissioner to disseminate rules and standards by which abortion clinics must be evaluated, and directs the commissioner to create a report on the results of the inspections and submit that report to the Assembly, the Senate and the governor. Instead of making women political pawns for the second year in a row, we should deliver them the equality they deserve. A true women’s agenda is about doing what’s right for women. It isn’t about riling up your base or putting the opposition party on the record with a vote on legislation that is clearly going nowhere. I strongly urge my Assembly Democrat colleagues to do what’s right and bring up the Women’s Equality Agenda for a vote in a way that works for all involved. Each point can stand alone on its own merits. A 10-point agenda that includes regulation and inspection of women’s health centers would deliver meaningful results for New York’s women. Let’s stop playing politics and start protecting New York’s women.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Jun 12, 2014Menu Menu Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byThis Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis originally appeared in  share Passing crucial legislation to keep our streets safe Tuition assistance for middle class must be priority NICOLEWatch: Malliotakis appears on Fox 5's Good Day New York to discuss Congestion Pricing | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressWatch: Malliotakis appears on Fox 5’s Good Day New York to discuss Congestion PricingAssemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis discussed Congestion Pricing, Verrazzano Tolls and the MTA on Fox 5’s Good Day NY with Rosanna Scotto and Lori Stokes.by Team Nicole on
                                                        May 02, 2019Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Malliotakis: Ilhan Omar Has Gone Too Far Wall Street Journal & Newsmax Agree – Malliotakis Looks Strong in New York’s 11th Congressional District NICOLE8 Conservative Women To Keep An Eye On In 2020 | Nicole Malliotakis for Congress8 Conservative Women To Keep An Eye On In 2020Jan 09, 2020Menu Menu Future Female Leaders NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byAfter Repeated Brutal Attacks, Bail Reform Critics Call For Change Staten Island Republican Party endorses Nicole Malliotakis in hotly contested congressional race NICOLEMalliotakis: Max Rose Needs to Condemn BDS and Call on House Dems to Bring Anti-BDS Bill to Vote | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis: Max Rose Needs to Condemn BDS and Call on House Dems to Bring Anti-BDS Bill to Vote                 House Needs Vote to Show Who Stands With IsraelAssemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis, the Republican candidate for Congress (NY-11) in Staten Island and southwest Brooklyn, today called on Rep. Max Rose to declare where he stands on legislation that will condemn the anti-Semitic Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions (BDS) movement against Israel. Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis said, “Since the start of the year and the swearing-in of the 116th Congress, Americans have been shocked by the anti-Semitic rhetoric displayed by certain House Democrats and the even more disturbing silence by Democrat leadership in condemning the House Members who expressed these vile anti-Jewish sentiments. If that wasn’t bad enough, House Democrats are currently trying to block a discharge petition initiated by Rep. Lee Zeldin (NY-1) that would bring legislation to the floor that will condemn the BDS movement. Just last Friday, the German Parliament voted to condemn the BDS movement for being anti-Semitic; it is time the U.S. Congress did the same. “It’s time for Congressman Max Rose to end his silence and call on Speaker Pelosi and the House leadership to bring the legislation to the floor so that the whole House can vote on it, so America knows, once and for all, which House members stand with Israel and who stand against it. Anything less, will be a clear signal that Congressman Rose has surrendered to the small group of Socialists that seem determined to undercut the United States’ support of the nation of Israel. I would hope that at the same time, Congressman Rose will finally have the fortitude to call on Rep. Ilhan Omar to be removed from her position on the House Foreign Affairs Committee for her anti-Semitic words.”by Team Nicole on
                                                        May 20, 2019Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Malliotakis Slams Max Rose on Immigration Amnesty Vote Statement by Nicole Malliotakis on Mayor de Blasio’s Run for President NICOLECongress Candidate Nicole Malliotakis Raised $300k in 2 Months | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressCongress Candidate Nicole Malliotakis Raised $300k in 2 MonthsApr 05, 2019Menu Menu Shorefront News NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byNicole Malliotakis Looks Strong in NY-11 Fundraiser for Nicole Malliotakis for Congress at the Russian Tea Room NICOLEMalliotakis: Reopening New York Starts with Common Sense Steps | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis: Reopening New York Starts with Common Sense StepsOn Neil Cavuto’s Coast to Coast, Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis discusses the need for consistency and common sense as New York looks to reopen. She discusses how affordable housing construction us taking place but small home improvement businesses like fence or pool installation remain shut down.by Team Nicole on
                                                        May 13, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Delco Becomes First Pharmacy To Begin Free COVID-19 Testing Schedule A Free Antibody Test NICOLEVP Mike Pence's nephew, sergeants' union head Ed Mullins to headline Island's GOP convention | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressVP Mike Pence’s nephew, sergeants’ union head Ed Mullins to headline Island’s GOP conventionFeb 25, 2020Menu Menu Staten Island Advance NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byMalliotakis tapped by state assembly minority to lead efforts to restore access to all DMV records including those of undocumented immigrants McCarthy Announces 35 Candidates in First Round of Young Gun “Contenders” NICOLEWatch: Malliotakis on Coronavirus Devastating Nursing Homes w/ Dana Perino | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressWatch: Malliotakis on Coronavirus Devastating Nursing Homes w/ Dana PerinoNicole Malliotakis joined ‘The Daily Briefing’ on Fox News to discuss the devastating effect of Governor Cuomo’s Executive Order on nursing homes and reiterated her call for and independent investigation.by Team Nicole on
                                                        May 23, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Listen to the Docs — Resume Elective Surgery Malliotakis Pushes to Resume Dentistry, Elective Surgeries and Preventive Procedures Across State NICOLEBrooklyn GOP Backs 5 Term Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis To Face Max Rose | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressBrooklyn GOP Backs 5 Term Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis To Face Max RoseOn Thursday evening, the Executive Committee of the Brooklyn Republican Party voted unanimously to endorse Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis in her bid for New York’s 11th Congressional District. Malliotakis, a five term Assemblywoman and 2017 Republican nominee for Mayor of New York City, is one of the National Republican Congressional Committee’s top recruits and has received the support of House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy, House Whip Steve Scalise and House Republican Conference Chair Liz Cheney. Roll Call has rated NY-11 as one of the most competitive House races in the country for the 2020 election cycle. GOP County Chairman Ted Ghorra said, “On Thursday evening, the Executive Committee of the Brooklyn Republican Party proudly endorsed Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis in her campaign to unseat first term Congressman Max Rose. “Nicole Malliotakis is the daughter of immigrants and understands the American Dream because she’s lived it. She’s a seasoned campaigner and fundraiser who has the skills and the resources needed to win this race. She’s a fighter who has the courage to take on Max Rose and his colleagues, Alexandria Ocasio Cortez, Ilhan Omar and the misguided socialist push from the far left. She’s an experienced legislator who will take those skills to Washington and put them to work for the voters of Southwest Brooklyn and Staten Island. “But, most importantly, Nicole Malliotakis has the principles and backbone to stand with the President and the House Republican leadership as they fight against the opioid epidemic, and for sentencing reforms, strong national defense, border security and the pro-growth policies that have given our city, state and nation record low unemployment across all demographics and a booming economy; she will make a great Congresswoman!” Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis said, “I want to thank Chairman Ted Ghorra and the men and women of the Brooklyn Republican Party for their endorsement and support. Since his election, Max Rose has clearly shown us where he stands; he’s voted with Nancy Pelosi over 95% of the time and wasted our time and tax dollars on impeaching President Trump instead of focusing on issues that matter to voters, such as passing the US-Mexico-Canada Trade Agreement, improving healthcare and bringing much needed infrastructure funding to fix our subways.” On Monday, January 6th, Assemblywoman Malliotakis received the endorsement of the Executive Committee of the Staten Island Republican Party. She also announced this week that in 2019, her congressional campaign raised over $1,000,000 in her effort to defeat Max Rose.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Jan 10, 2020Menu Menu Featured NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Max Rose Supported Cuomo’s Bail Law & de Blasio’s Plan to Close Rikers Nicole Malliotakis Endorsed by the Staten Island Republican Party NICOLECommon Core failing early tests | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressCommon Core failing early testsAs we begin a new year, it is incumbent upon state legislators to take stock of the successes gained over the past year and the areas where work is left to be done. Progress was made in key areas like transportation restorations and increased funding for the EPIC prescription drug program, yet many stones were left unturned. It is clear from conversations with local families that an issue requiring immediate attention is the implementation of the Common Core curriculum in our schools which has frustrated many teachers and students while raising deep concerns from parents and caretakers. The Common Core is a curriculum developed by the federal government being promoted to states to be adopted as unifying standards for student performance. The goal is certainly admirable, as it is an innovative approach to positioning our children for future success. Yet, both the nuts and bolts of the curriculum and the way it has been implemented in schools across the state have led to a public outcry to re-examine the essential tenants of the reforms. In November, I joined several Assembly Minority Conference colleagues in hosting a public forum on Common Core. The forum featured passionate testimony from teachers who feel that the rigorous standardized testing requirements prevent them from providing a comprehensive education to their students. Parents detailed the stress their children were under, driving them to illness in some cases, as they tried to digest information that many adults do not even fully grasp. Administrators explained the challenges they face in meeting basic needs like new, pertinent books and supplies. On top of all of these concerns, teachers are being held to performance-related standards tied to these flawed and incompatible reforms. The overwhelming takeaway was that New York State needs to slow down and get this 100 percent right. The stakes are simply too high to plow through this kind of change without taking care to acknowledge the very real concerns that parents, teachers and students have brought to light. I anticipate legislative action on this issue in 2014, and I intend to bring the conversation to the forefront as soon as the state Assembly convenes. The forum brought in the kind of input we need to make substantive changes to education policy in New York State. I encourage anyone with input of their own or questions on Common Core to call my office or emailby Team Nicole on
                                                        Jan 06, 2014Menu Menu Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byThis Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis originally appeared in the  share Legislature’s tasks remain plentiful in 2014 Rooting out crime in our community NICOLEMalliotakis Secures GOP's Young Guns Designation | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis Secures GOP’s Young Guns Designation                 Malliotakis: My campaign has what it takes to defeat the left-leaning Max Rose!On Wednesday, the congressional campaign of Assemblywoman Nicole Maliotakis (NY-11) was elevated to the top level of the National Republican Congressional Committees (NRCC) Young Guns Program. The Young Guns designation means the candidate has met a series of goals and benchmarks that ensures they have the resources needed to run a competitive campaign and defeat the Democrat opponent in the November elections. Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis is in her fifth term representing portions of Staten Island and Southern Brooklyn in the New York State legislature as she faces off against first term left leaning Democrat, Congressman Max Rose. Malliotakis has been endorsed by the Republican County Committees in Staten Island and Brooklyn as well as the New York State Conservative Party. In addition Malliotakis has been endorsed by President Trump, House Republican Leader Kevin McCarthy and House Members Steve Scalise, Liz Cheney, Peter King, Lee Zeldin and Elise Stefanik, to name just a few. New York’s 11th Congressional District covers all of Staten Island as well as a number of neighborhoods in Southern Brooklyn. Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis said, “Today’s designation to the top level of the NRCC’s Young Guns program is proof positive that my campaign has what it takes to defeat a left leaning Democrat like Max Rose, who votes with Speaker Nancy Pelosi 97% of the time and with Alexandria Ocasio Cortez, Ilhan Omar and the rest of the ‘Squad’ well over 90% of the time. As a Member of Congress, I will be proud to work with President Trump, Leader Kevin McCarthy and others as we work to rebuild the American economy, create jobs and defeat the far left polices that Nancy Pelosi, Alexandra Ocasio Cortez and Max Rose are attempting to inflict on our nation. “Reaching the top level of the Young Guns program is a clear signal to donors, Republican voters and the media that NY-11 will be one of the key congressional races in the nation as we fight to restore Republican leadership to the House of Representatives. I’d like to thank Republican House Leader Kevin McCarthy, NRCC Chairman Tom Emmer and the team at the NRCC for their confidence in my ability to defeat Max Rose.”by Team Nicole on
                                                        May 27, 2020Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Malliotakis, Reilly unveil bill to limit governor’s state of emergency powers over localities Listen to the Docs — Resume Elective Surgery NICOLENicole Malliotakis on coronavirus devastating nursing homes across US | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressNicole Malliotakis on coronavirus devastating nursing homes across USMay 22, 2020Menu Menu Fox News NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byListen to the docs — resume elective surgery Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis spearheads drive to reopen dentist offices NICOLEOp-Ed | Nicole Malliotakis for Congress - Part 2Op-EdPosts navigationWith the New Year quickly approaching, the vast majority of law-abiding New Yorkers are deeply concerned about the criminal justice reforms set to take effect on January 1st, 2020. Friday night’s anti-police demonstrations in downtown Brooklyn are just the latest example of New York City’s return to the bad old days. Once again, political correctness and a far left bias have crept into a process that should be focused on historical standing and accomplishments. The legislature has a fiduciary responsibility to taxpayers, and a moral one to our 1.1 million public school children to investigate and demand answers to questions about DOE’s spending practices before Mayoral Control is extended. Someone should remind him that a prerequisite of any run for higher office is, usually, success in your current job. It’s becoming abundantly clear that, after five years of the de Blasio administration’s progressive policies, the city is in trouble. Mayor de Blasio and Gov. Cuomo really are clueless; New Yorkers aren’t leaving our state because of the weather. New York’s income tax revenue didn’t drop because of Washington. As the daughter of immigrants from Greece and Castro’s Cuba, I appreciate that the United States has the most generous immigration policy in the world. But as Democratic President Obama said in 2014, “even as we are a nation of immigrants, we’re also a nation of laws.” In 2012, I stood on the Assembly floor and warned my colleagues that raising the MTA’s debt limit by $7 billion to $37 billion was unsustainable and would lead to toll and fare hikes and service cuts. Like many New Yorkers, I want Amazon to come to our state and its job creation to benefit our residents. You’d be hard pressed to find a city or state in America that would not welcome the economic activity created by capitalism. Like many New Yorkers, I want Amazon to come to our state and its job creation to benefit our residents. You’d be hard pressed to find a city or state in America that would not welcome the economic activity created by capitalism. New Yorkers, especially Staten Islanders, have learned many lessons in the wake of Hurricane Sandy. One of the most important being the need for members of our community to stand up and speak out about the challenges the East Shore faces as we continue to rebuild and work to prevent similar devastation from future storms. Mayor de Blasio was in the battleground state of Florida this past weekend campaigning for the Bernie Sanders-backed Democratic nominee for governor, Andrew Gillum, but it is most likely the Republican ticket of Ron DeSantis and Janette Nunez that he helped by being there. April Fool’s Day is usually the first day of April, but it came again this year when Mayor Bill de Blasio welcomed the month of October by creating a new position he grandly calls “chief democracy officer,” adding to New York City’s already bloated ranks of municipal employees. Mayor Bill de Blasio was in the battleground state of Florida this past weekend campaigning for the Bernie Sanders-backed Democratic nominee for governor, Andrew Gillum, but it is most likely the Republican ticket of Ron DeSantis and Janette Nunez that he helped by being there. Property taxes are easily one of the top issues affecting our community and other pockets of New York City, and a leading reason why our city has become so unaffordable.Menu Menu posts categorized in READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post 2 STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare share share share share share share share share share share share share share share NICOLEMalliotakis: Radical Left Wreaks Havoc on New York's Criminal Justice System | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis: Radical Left Wreaks Havoc on New York’s Criminal Justice System                 Great job, New York Democrats, you’ve really done it this time!As of January 1, those committing a wide and varied list of crimes in New York state, including: coercion, menacing, stalking, assault, aggravated harassment and even aggravated assault of a child (click here for list) are freed with absolutely no bail. Unbelievably, serious crimes including strangulation, drug dealing of nearly any type, criminally negligent homicide and manslaughter are all included on the list.   Surprisingly, the constitutional rights of the accused to a speedy trial is never addressed in the reforms, even though common sense improvements to the court system could vastly reduce the time between arrest and trial and ensure that the accused received their constitutionally-protected right to a speedy trial. Governor Cuomo and the Democrats went wild after seizing control of both houses of the State Legislature in the 2018 elections. In just the first legislative session, they enacted a late-term abortion bill that allows the procedure up until birth. The legislature callously removed criminal penalties if an unborn baby is killed during an assault on its mother. In addition, they lowered sentencing for misdemeanor crimes to protect illegal immigrants convicted of crimes from deportation. Even more outrageous is the issuing of driver’s licenses to illegal immigrants without conducting proper background checks and while requiring notification of the license holder if federal law enforcement agencies request their information as part of an investigation. In one of the most horrific incidents that took place in the wake of New York’s bail reform, an illegal immigrant was arrested for an assault after attacking and slashing his own father. But the NYPD was forced to ignore an ICE detainer request issued on the same day of the arrest. The man was released without bail and was then arrested just weeks later for sexually abusing and murdering a 92-year-old woman. The victim would be alive today if not for Bill de Blasio’s sanctuary policy that is supported by local, state, and even federal Democrat elected officials, like New York Reps. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez and my opponent, Max Rose. The protection of its citizens is the first responsibility of any government, but the insane policies of the social justice warriors of the radical left have turned New York’s criminal justice system upside down, handcuffing the police, district attorneys, and judges while endangering the law-abiding citizens our laws are meant to protect. It becomes obvious how radical these reforms are when even some Democrats are taken aback. David Soares, the self-described progressive District Attorney of Albany County, bluntly described the reforms as “laws dismantling order.” Sadly, he’s right. The rule of law is being dismantled on the municipal, state, and federal levels. When lawmakers that have a blatant disregard for rule of law and public safety are elected to federal office, what is happening in New York can happen nationally.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Jan 21, 2020Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis As the rest of the nation watches, your misguided far-left policies, passed in the middle of the night due to one party rule, are deconstructing law and order across the Empire State and replacing it with so called “criminal justice reforms” that embolden career criminals and put innocent New Yorkers at risk. NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byOver the past few weeks New Yorkers have witnessed: The number of crimes is guaranteed to rise because under this law: share Malliotakis Calls-Out Max Rose On New York’s Green Light Law Malliotakis: Two-Way Toll on the Verrazzano is MTA Doublespeak and a Lousy Idea NICOLEMalliotakis: Two-Way Toll on the Verrazzano is MTA Doublespeak and a Lousy Idea | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis: Two-Way Toll on the Verrazzano is MTA Doublespeak and a Lousy Idea                 The MTA and Our Congressional Representatives Misinformed The PublicAsk any Staten Islander which government entity is the least trusted and most disliked in our city and the answer will most likely be the Metropolitan Transit Authority (MTA). Years of inefficiency, poor service, lack of transparency, dirty facilities and regular toll and fare hikes have created both distrust and disdain. That’s why, when the MTA’s chairman joined a news conference last April, under the Verrazzano Bridge, with Reps. Max Rose, Jerry Nadler and Nydia Velazquez, to inform us that two-way tolling was a good thing for Staten Island, I was skeptical of their bureaucratic double-talk and knew instantly that their claims had to be verified. In 2018, at the request of then-Congressman Dan Donovan, the MTA conducted a study on the impact switching from one-way to two-way tolling would have on the traffic and revenue of the Verrazzano Bridge. Curiously, the MTA never released the study; suppressing its findings from public review, even though our toll and tax dollars were used to fund it. Much like my 2012 battle with the Port Authority, I was forced to file a Freedom of Information Law request to obtain the study and it soon became abundantly clear why it was never released. You see, the MTA and our congressional representatives misinformed the public, stating at their April news conference that two-way tolling would improve our commute by reducing congestion as well as the number of trucks that use Staten Island roadways as a conduit between New Jersey and Manhattan.  Though there may be a reduction in the number of vehicles driving eastbound on the Staten Island Expressway during the morning commute, vehicle speeds are estimated to only change by 0.1 MPH. To claim that would improve the morning commute is laughable, or perhaps just an outright lie. Reps. Jerry Nadler and Nydia Velazquez aren’t supporting two-way tolling because it benefits Staten Island. They support it because it benefits their constituents in lower Manhattan, who have long complained about the congestion and air pollution caused by traffic exiting the city through the Holland Tunnel and because the MTA study confirms that two-way tolling will alleviate these issues. The MTA claims it stands to gain an additional $12 million in revenue from the change. But what does Staten Island and Southern Brooklyn get from the windfall? Nothing! The sad reality is that our congressman has been hoodwinked by the MTA, Rep. Nadler and Rep. Velazquez and it’s all at our expense. Two-way tolling won’t reduce our congestion or increase vehicle speeds and the projected $12 million increase will be gobbled-up by the MTA and will never be used to reduce the sky-high tolls. Over the last few years, the State Budget has included an allocation of $10 million to keep the discounted resident rate frozen at $5.50 so an additional $12 million would go a long way. Everyday Staten Islanders bear the burden of excessive tolls to cross the Verrazzano Bridge and connect to the rest of the city. Out of our pockets comes a large chunk of the staggering $500 million in revenue that the Verrazzano alone already generates for the MTA annually and which is largely used to subsidize less profitable divisions of the MTA. Whether commuters pay that toll on the front end of their trip, the back end, or both ways, is irrelevant. The fact of the matter is the MTA has taken advantage of commuters for far too long and now Congress is letting them get away with more! Every one of our congressional representatives since Guy Molinari has pushed back on Rep. Jerry Nadler’s cynical attempts to divert congestion from his district to ours. But, Jerry Nadler took advantage of a political newcomer named Max Rose and used him to sneak the change into the $1.4 trillion spending plan that he knew President Trump would sign to avoid another government shutdown. Congressman Rose had an opportunity to fight back against the massive bureaucracy of the MTA by insisting that the extra revenue be used to lower the cost to constituents who already suffer under these excessive tolls and heavy traffic every time they venture over the Verrazzano Bridge. It’s the very least an elected official should be expected to do, and quite frankly, Max Rose blew it.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Jan 21, 2020Menu Menu Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byAs published in the  Shockingly, the MTA’s own report states that more than 4,000 additional vehicles will clog our borough’s roads during the evening commute. And from a public relations standpoint; it will be far easier for the MTA to rationalize future toll hikes because $10 (even if it’s being charged both directions) will sound cheaper than $20 one way. share Malliotakis: Radical Left Wreaks Havoc on New York’s Criminal Justice System Max Rose Needs to Come Clean on Stance on Bail Reform and NYC’s Sanctuary City Policies NICOLEMalliotakis Op-Ed: City Workers Need Protective Gear NOW | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis Op-Ed: City Workers Need Protective Gear NOW                 Not only do they deserve the proper equipment and supplies, they also deserve better screening before and after their shift.As the COVID-19 pandemic continues to pummel New York City, one thing has become abundantly clear: The men and women who serve and protect our city in their roles as police officers, firefighters, EMT workers, sanitation workers and correction officers are being placed at risk due to a municipal bureaucracy with distorted priorities and an absence of commonsense. On March 13, the story broke that NYPD officers were being issued expired hand sanitizer and a single face mask as the sum total of their Personal Protective Equipment (PPE). Tweets from City Hall claimed help was on the way and, while some came, the supply has not been steady. On Friday, 4,122 employees (at least triple the normal rate) were out sick with approximately 12% of them testing positive for the coronavirus while others have been denied tests, meaning the number of positive cases among the ranks is actually higher. Likewise, other essential workers from across the city’s various departments continue to be infected at disturbing rates. This past week, the Correction Officers Benevolent Association announced it had purchased 25,000 N95 masks on its own for its members who are deemed to be at high risk and I donated a few thousand pairs of nitrile gloves to them. The union’s president, Elias Husamudeen, has been outspoken in his opposition to City Hall’s ill-advised plan to release hundreds of inmates from Rikers Island instead of providing the PPE requested and isolation plan to stop the virus from spreading within city jails. To add insult to injury, it was reported on Friday that the freed Rikers inmates are being given cellphones, cab fares and hotel rooms. All while officers had to raise money to buy their own protective equipment? Absolutely shameful. My colleagues and I on the local level, both Republican and Democrat, are scavenging for supplies through donations and delivering them to hospitals, nursing homes, group homes, firehouses, police precincts, sanitation garages. But it’s not enough to meet the demand. Mayor de Blasio should never have allowed it to reach this point where essential staff must rely on their union or donations for the bare minimum in protective equipment and, more importantly, it begs the question that if the union and I can locate these supplies, then why hasn’t the city ordered more over the last few weeks? These public employees understand the important role they play and want to do their job but, if City Hall is going to put them to work, it needs to provide them the protective equipment to keep them healthy and safe. By putting our first responders and essential workers at risk, City Hall is putting all New Yorkers at increased risk. Sanitation garages, firehouses, and police precincts are forced to temporarily close for cleaning after a member tests positive. These workers obviously can’t work from home and in the weeks ahead their numbers on active duty will continue to shrink due to the impact of COVID-19 on their ranks unless something is done very soon. Not only do they deserve the proper equipment and supplies, they also deserve better screening before and after their shift. In addition, if symptomatic, their testing needs to be prioritized, so if they test negative, they can return to work as quickly as possible. If they end up being positive, then those they work closely with should also be tested to determine if they are silent carriers. This way they can self-quarantine and prevent the virus from spreading any further. They, and all New Yorkers, also deserve the truth from Mayor de Blasio and his administration about the flow of protective equipment and the lack of urgency. If the city can’t (or won’t) provide it, the unions, elected officials and public need to know so we can collectively identify alternative supply solutions because, for some, this will be a matter of life or death. New Yorkers are tough; we’ve been through the horror of 9/11 and the widespread destruction of Super Storm Sandy. When united and working together, we can deal with whatever lies ahead. As Abraham Lincoln said, “I am a firm believer in the people. If given the truth, they can be depended upon to meet any national crisis.”by Team Nicole on
                                                        Mar 29, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byAs published in the  share USNS Comfort is here to bring hope The Fight to Protect City Workers During This Crisis NICOLEMalliotakis: Ilhan Omar Has Gone Too Far | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis: Ilhan Omar Has Gone Too Far                 Max Rose Should Call for Her Resignation from House Foreign Affairs CommitteeNicole Malliotakis, the New York State Assemblywoman and Republican candidate in New York’s 11th Congressional District, today called on U.S. Representative Max Rose to “do the right thing” and join the call for radical Representative Ilhan Omar (D-MN) to resign from the House Foreign Affairs Committee. On Wednesday, Rep. Omar stated that U.S. policies had, “helped lead the devastation in Venezuela” while not acknowledging the actions of socialist strongman Nicolas Maduro, who has led the once prosperous country to economic collapse and the brink of civil war. During the first 4 months of 2019, Congresswoman Omar has created controversy by making a number of anti-Semitic remarks as well as downplaying the 9/11 terror attacks on New York’s World Trade Center as an instance where “some people did something.” Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis said, “It’s become obvious that Rep. Ilhan Omar is the self appointed leader of the blame America first crowd in Congress. Her words show little understanding of what has happened in Venezuela and the fact that the country’s present situation is directly linked to two decades of failed socialist policies implemented by Hugo Chavez and his hand-picked successor, Nicolas Maduro. .  continues to show just how out of touch she is with reality. Now she’s blaming the United States for the human rights violations of murderous dictator Maduro. Still waiting for   to tell the people of   exactly which “values” he “shares” with his “friend”  — Nicole Malliotakis (@NMalliotakis)  Not to mention, why he believes she should remain on foreign affairs committee. — Nicole Malliotakis (@NMalliotakis)  “If Rep. Omar feels so strongly about the issue, perhaps she should head to Caracas and join the ranks of the Cuban and Russian military and political advisors who are helping President Maduro hang on to power and suppress the will of the Venezuelan people. “Earlier this year, Congressman Max Rose gave Ilhan Omar a pass when she spouted anti-Semitic rhetoric. He called her a ‘friend’ and said that, ‘we share great values’ and would even double-down at a recent town hall sponsored by the Council of Jewish Organizations of Staten Island by maintaining she should remain on the Foreign Affairs Committee. “The people of New York’s 11th Congressional district deserve to know what ‘values’ Congressman Rose shares with Ilhan Omar. Time is long past for him to step-up and do the right thing and call for the resignation of Rep. Omar from the House Foreign Affairs Committee. In the meantime, his silence speaks volumes.”by Team Nicole on
                                                        May 02, 2019Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Congressman Dan Crenshaw and Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis Host Veterans Town Hall Watch: Malliotakis appears on Fox 5’s Good Day New York to discuss Congestion Pricing NICOLEAfter Repeated Brutal Attacks, Bail Reform Critics Call For Change | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressAfter Repeated Brutal Attacks, Bail Reform Critics Call For ChangeJan 10, 2020Menu Menu CBS NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byMalliotakis now has GOP support from both sides of congressional district as race against Max Rose heats up 8 Conservative Women To Keep An Eye On In 2020 NICOLEMcCarthy Announces 35 Candidates in First Round of Young Gun "Contenders" | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMcCarthy Announces 35 Candidates in First Round of Young Gun “Contenders”Feb 19, 2020Menu Menu NRCC NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byVP Mike Pence’s nephew, sergeants’ union head Ed Mullins to headline Island’s GOP convention Malliotakis now has GOP support from both sides of congressional district as race against Max Rose heats up NICOLESchedule A Free Antibody Test | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressSchedule A Free Antibody TestNew York City will begin offering free antibody tests in each of the five boroughs. The 5 sites: Bronx: Morrisania- 4006 Third Avenue Brooklyn: East NY- 127 Pennsylvania Avenue Manhattan: Upper Manhattan- 21 Old Broadway Staten Island: Grasmere- St. John’s Villa, 57 Cleveland Place Queens: Long Island City- 34-09 Queens Boulevard How do I get a test? 
By appointment, please visit:  
If you do not have internet access, please call 888-279-0967by Team Nicole on
                                                        May 09, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information 
 NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Malliotakis: Reopening New York Starts with Common Sense Steps Watch: Malliotakis Discusses Governor Cuomo’s Mishandling of Nursing Homes on Tucker Carlson Tonight NICOLEDelco Becomes First Pharmacy To Begin Free COVID-19 Testing | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressDelco Becomes First Pharmacy To Begin Free COVID-19 TestingDelco Drugs has been approved to serve as Staten Island’s first independent pharmacy to provide curbside testing for COVID-19, owner Rob Annicharico announced today with Assembly members Nicole Malliotakis (64th A.D.) and Michael Reilly (62nd A.D.). TrueNorth is working with HHS, state and local officials and pharmacy and lab partners to open testing sites in areas of need. Testing locations are drive-thru and by appointment only. There is no out-of-pocket cost for the test. Testing follows CDC guidelines to determine eligibility. Those currently eligible include: Testing is available Monday through Friday from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Appointments can be made online at  . Upon registering on the website, a test voucher will be given that the registrant will need to bring with them. “We are happy to offer this service to the community. I’m glad that our pharmacy was selected to help increase COVID-19 testing,” said Annicharico. “Curbside testing allows the patient to self-administer a nasal swab test from the comfort and safety of their personal vehicle. Results will be available three to five days after the test.” “As testing becomes more available, we are seeing community partners step up to help administer them. Only five pharmacies were selected to offer this service in the state, and we are fortunate one is right here on Staten Island. Thank you to Rob and his staff for offering this service,” said Mallotakis. “Rob Annicharico and his team at Delco have always been wonderful community partners,” said Reilly. “This is just one more example of the commitment and passion they have shown in helping their Staten Island neighbors.”by Team Nicole on
                                                        May 14, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Malliotakis: Restore Legislative Authority Now, Reopen Some Sectors Now Malliotakis: Reopening New York Starts with Common Sense Steps NICOLEMalliotakis Op-Ed: Put All Home Contract and Associated Trades Back to Work | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis Op-Ed: Put All Home Contract and Associated Trades Back to Work                 It’s time to get ALL of the New York’s construction and home improvement industries back to workGovernor Cuomo’s decision to begin reopening New York with outdoor construction contractors is a good one, however, not only should he expand the definition to include home improvement, paving and landscaping contractors, he should allow these businesses to resume in every region of the state. Reevaluating what state government has defined as non-essential in Executive Order 202, such as landscaping, paving and all construction, would be a good step in ensuring that all regions of New York resume at least some economic activity come May 15th. Currently, construction on “affordable housing” with dozens of workers at a site is occurring downstate, yet similar work on single-family homes or commercial property, which requires less workers, is still prohibited. Even smaller projects like fence or pool installation are barred. Likewise, landscaping for maintenance or pest control is allowed but it’s banned for beautification or for completing work on the jobsite of a newly constructed home. This lack of consistency has frustrated and confused businesses, their employees and customers. Homes that have suffered storm damage are currently going unrepaired because contractors are afraid to do the work as they may face a $10,000 fine under New York on Pause. Not only is there a double standard, but science is now telling us that transmission is less likely outdoors. There is no good reason contractors can’t work outside if social distancing is practiced and the proper personal protective equipment (PPE) is worn. This shouldn’t be an issue since contractors are trained and mandated to wear a variety of safety gear as part of Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) guidelines. Afterall, you have more people congregating in public parks or in supermarkets than you would have on a residential job site. According to the Building Industry Association of New York City, “…our residential homes are predominantly 1 and 2 family where workers can easily and safely practice the social distancing protocols provided by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) and National Association of Homebuilders, while performing work to complete construction.” Furthermore, the nature of their work already includes social distancing because the trades do not work on top of each other. Electricians do not work on top of plumbers; plumbers don’t work on top of carpenters; carpenters don’t work on top of electricians. In addition to sharing the view that their industry’s extensive training, high safety standards and conformity to OSHA standards at every single jobsite translates into a workforce that will strictly observe all rules related to COVID-19. The Home Improvement Contractors Association point to the economic benefits that will be passed on to our city and state, “Collectively, all of our member businesses agree that it is imperative, for the survival of the construction industry, that they are provided the green light to go back to work in both the residential and commercial sectors as quickly as possible,” the Association’s Staten Island Chapter recently wrote me.  “This will help restore the economy, restore some sense of normalcy to the State of New York, and provide their employees the opportunity to support their families.” It’s time to get ALL of the New York’s construction and home improvement industries back to work, taking thousands upon thousands of New Yorkers off the unemployment rolls in every region of the state. The Governor should reopen these sectors for the entire state and, if he doesn’t, the Speaker of the Assembly should call us back immediately to end Gov. Cuomo’s expanded emergency powers and restore the traditional authorities given to the Legislature so we have a say in the future of our state.by Team Nicole on
                                                        May 15, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Statement by Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis on $3 Trillion COVID-19 Spending Package Malliotakis: Restore Legislative Authority Now, Reopen Some Sectors Now NICOLEStatement by Nicole Malliotakis on Mayor de Blasio's Run for President | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressStatement by Nicole Malliotakis on Mayor de Blasio’s Run for PresidentAssemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis said, “As Mayor Bill de Blasio enters the Democrat’s race for President, I wish him luck; he’ll need it. On the campaign trail in Iowa, I hope he’ll be truthful and tell the voters of the Hawkeye State that New York City has a homeless population equal to that of Iowa City and no solution in sight. When he visits South Carolina, I hope he’ll discuss the slum like conditions that over 400,000 people living in New York City Housing Authority buildings call home. When he visits New Hampshire, where the state motto is ‘live free or die’ I hope Mayor de Blasio will touch on the red tape and over-regulation he’s created in New York City, not to mention, the high taxes that are driving businesses and people to low tax cities and states. I hope Democrat voters will visit New York City, ride our failing subways, visit our failing schools and ask our vanishing middle class about the real record of Bill de Blasio as mayor; the effect will be chilling.”by Team Nicole on
                                                        May 16, 2019Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Malliotakis: Max Rose Needs to Condemn BDS and Call on House Dems to Bring Anti-BDS Bill to Vote Representative Peter King Endorses Nicole Malliotakis for U.S. Congress NICOLEFundraiser for Nicole Malliotakis for Congress at the Russian Tea Room | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressFundraiser for Nicole Malliotakis for Congress at the Russian Tea RoomMar 24, 2019Menu Menu The National Herald NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byCongress Candidate Nicole Malliotakis Raised $300k in 2 Months HUD Head Patton, Malliotakis Blast Mayor De Blasio For Further NYCHA Neglect NICOLEListen to the Docs — Resume Elective Surgery | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressListen to the Docs — Resume Elective Surgery                 It has been more than two months since the ban on elective surgery was ordered by Gov. CuomoJim is 59. Earlier this spring he came down with COVID-19, which damaged his heart; his cardiologist wants him to have an outpatient procedure that will prevent long term damage and a possible heart attack. Dawn’s daughter is 19 and was scheduled to have her gallbladder removed in March. The operation never took place and for the past two months she has suffered in excruciating pain. Tom’s wife desperately needs hernia surgery. The outpatient facility where it was to take place has been closed due to COVID-19 and when it reopens it’s likely to have a long backlog of patients, further delaying the procedure. They are just a few of the situations relayed to me by constituents inquiring as to when a myriad of medical and dental procedures and the facilities where they are conducted are permitted to resume elective surgery. Since elective surgeries where banned in mid-March, thousands of New Yorkers have learned through suffering, pain and worry, that just because a medical procedure is deemed “elective” does not mean that it isn’t a medical necessity for the patient in question. They run the gamut from cataract surgery or a prostrate biopsy, which usually take place at an outpatient facility, to far more serious procedures like a hip replacement, a mastectomy or even a heart operation taking place in a hospital. Elective surgeries are simply those that can be scheduled in advance, as opposed to emergency surgeries which are classified as life-threatening, and the majority of which are the result of trauma related to an accident. It has been more than two months since the ban on elective surgery was ordered by Gov. Cuomo and during that period, a number of public health officials, hospital administrators, doctors and patient advocates have warned of a “second epidemic” facing New York City and state; one resulting from patients who have had their health spiral downward because they have been unable to receive the medical care that would normally be available. Not only has the ban had a negative effect on patient care, it’s also cut-off a major and very important revenue stream for hospitals, forced the layoffs of medical professionals who work on surgery teams and pushed a number of privately owned facilities to the verge of bankruptcy. Medical necessity and common sense tells us the time has come to resume elective surgery throughout the entire state. Medical professionals have dealt with the threat of infection since the dawn of modern medicine. More recently, the AIDS epidemic created new protocols which dramatically increased the use of personal protective equipment and heightened sanitary procedures aimed at protecting both the patient and the medical professionals in attendance. The bottom line is that no sector of the American workforce is better trained or equipped to deal with the threat of COVID-19 infection than the medical professionals at the facilities where elective surgeries take place, and that is a key reason why they should be allowed to reopen. Over the past few weeks, I’ve been in contact with hospital administrators, surgeons, nurses, medical technicians and most importantly patients, who are ready and willing for the resumption of elective surgery. The only opposition seems to come from famously slow-moving bureaucrats in Albany and at City Hall. Let me be clear, I’m not suggesting any medical facility should be forced to resume elective surgery. I am simply saying that those that are prepared and properly staffed should be allowed to reopen as soon as possible. Government needs to return the discretion back to medical professionals to use their years of extensive training and expertise to treat their patients as they see fit. If the ban remains in place any longer, we will not only imperil the physical health of those waiting for long overdue testing or surgery, but also the financial health of hospitals, outpatient facilities and the medical professionals they employ.by Team Nicole on
                                                        May 24, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byAs published in the  share Malliotakis Secures GOP’s Young Guns Designation Watch: Malliotakis on Coronavirus Devastating Nursing Homes w/ Dana Perino NICOLEOp-Ed: Fixes to Dangerous Bail Law a Step in the Right Direction | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressOp-Ed: Fixes to Dangerous Bail Law a Step in the Right Direction                 Under the fixes achieved that take effect today, a variety of crimes are now listed as “qualifying charges,” which makes them eligible for bail.. So far this year, New Yorkers have been through a lot. Together, we faced a pandemic, witnessed social upheaval and civil unrest. The one constant since 12:01 a.m. on New Year’s Day has been that murder, shootings, burglaries and car thefts have increased compared to last year, as was predicted when the Criminal Justice Reforms passed under one-party Democratic rule. These so-called “reforms” also generated a near-constant stream of news stories ranging from the tragic to the surreal. It proved, to anyone that might have been skeptical, that the root cause of crime is criminals, and that society is a better place when those that are dangerous, as well as career criminals, are kept behind bars. Rising crime rates and blaring headlines told the story as police, prosecutors and the public threw their hands up in disgust as sex offenders, thugs and thieves strolled through the revolving doors of bail reform and were back on the street hours after they had been placed in handcuffs. In a matter of a few short weeks, it became all too apparent that what those who voted against this were saying was not fear mongering but the truth — the law was severely flawed and needed to be amended. It also proved that what the law’s advocates were claiming was false –the reforms didn’t just eliminate bail for first-time offenders and low-level, non-violent offenses. Together, we rallied, held press conferences and signed petitions. It was no easy feat, getting the same legislators and Governor Cuomo, who supported reform, to admit that it went too far and agree to rolling it back, but together we did. While the amended law goes into effect on July 1, understand that it is far from perfect. But, the changes are substantial and a step in the right direction in a legislature controlled by progressive Democrats. Under the fixes achieved that take effect today, a variety of crimes, including felony drug offenses, sex trafficking, promoting sexual performances by a child, failing to register as a sex offender, a variety of assault and strangulation charges, vehicular manslaughter, grand larceny, possession of a weapon on school grounds, criminally negligent homicide and a number of other felony charges are now listed as “qualifying charges,” which makes them eligible for bail. This means that a judge can, once again, use his or her discretion to keep someone in jail pre-trial. In addition, the new law adds a number of “court conditions” that can be applied by a judge as part of a no-bail release. These include surrender of passport, banning interaction with individuals involved in the case, referring the accused to mandatory counseling or to a stay in a mental hygiene facility, among others. It’s been a long and hard-fought battle, but we persisted and were able to achieve significant changes to an ill-advised law that catered to the criminal element and did little to protect law-abiding New Yorkers. Not only did we add a significant number of offenses to those that qualify for bail, we added provisions to stop “unlimited chances” by ensuring that a person who either commits a crime after being released on their own recognizance, or while on probation or on post release supervision, will be mandated to face a judge in court who will then be able to set bail. We all remember the accused serial bank robber, who was arrested and released six times within a few weeks. I’m happy to have worked with the District Attorneys’ Association, police unions, criminal justice experts and the public to demand common-sense changes to protect law-abiding citizens. While more can still be done to improve the law, the compromises we achieved will go a long way towards keeping criminals behind bars. As I write this, we are already fighting a new battle as Mayor de Blasio and radicals on the City Council are pushing through a plan to defund the NYPD by $1 billion (nearly 17% of the overall NYPD budget), an action that will surely increase crime and make our city and its neighborhoods more dangerous. Defunding makes the changes we’ve made to bail reform all the more important and emphasizes the need for further changes to the law. Their short-sighted plan is wrong and the decrease in police funding will only amplify the problems that our city already faces. It undercuts the fixes we applied to bail reform and cynically sets the stage for a continued rise in crime by slashing the resources the NYPD needs to keep our city and its people safe.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Jul 01, 2020Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byAs published in the  share As We Celebrate Independence Day, The Left Seeks to Erase our History Malliotakis Declares Victory in GOP Primary for NY-11 Congressional Seat NICOLEWatch | Nicole Malliotakis for Congress - Part 4WatchPosts navigationNew York bail reform legislation goes into effect on January 1; New York State Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis pushes back. Nicole Malliotakis appeared on Fox & Friends with Steve Doocy to blast New York’s radical new law which allows those in the country illegally to obtain drivers licenses. Last night, Nicole appeared on Tucker Carlson’s show to talk about New York’s radical bail “reform” law that takes effect on January 1st. Instead of raising standards and encouraging student achievement, Bill de Blasio is using our schools to advance his radical, socialist agenda.  Nicole discussed how, under one party rule, New York State Democrats spent the year putting illegal immigrants before the citizens who elected them. Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis discussed Congestion Pricing, Verrazzano Tolls and the MTA on Fox 5’s Good Day NY with Rosanna Scotto and Lori Stokes. New York halts expanding tuition for children of fallen soldiers, approves $27 million for illegal immigrants; reaction from New York assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis.Menu Menu posts categorized in READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post … 4 STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare share share share share share share NICOLEMalliotakis: Cuomo, de Blasio must freeze taxes & tolls if they receive federal aid | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis: Cuomo, de Blasio must freeze taxes & tolls if they receive federal aidRep. Nicole Malliotakis continues to ask Gov. Cuomo and Mayor de Blasio to make a commitment to New Yorkers that if NY receives $50B in aid, they won’t increase income taxes driving people out, property tax levy that increases cost of living for homeowners & renters alike, and that they’ll stop toll hikes.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Feb 25, 2021Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Malliotakis: Taxpayer Money for Campaigns is Wrong and Ineffective Op-Ed: Cuomo and de Blasio can’t have their cake and eat it, too NICOLEWatch | Nicole Malliotakis for Congress - Part 2WatchPosts navigationOur push to reopen schools and resume school athletics continues. States are taking federal funds to support reopening them safely but aren’t. Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis discusses on Fox News. Rep. Nicole Malliotakis called for the Department of Justice to investigate Gov. Andrew Cuomo in order to provide “accountability” for what led to his administration’s directive to accept COVID positive patients into nursing homes. Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis was among those who pushed back on the Biden Administration’s plan to vaccinate 9/11 Mastermind and other terrorists before vulnerable citizens including 9/11 first responders and recovery workers. Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis says he needs to accept responsibility for his administration’s bad decisions that led to thousands of deaths of our most vulnerable and the cover-up that attempted to minimize it. On January 30, 2021, Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis sat down with Fox & Friends to discuss the status of indoor dining in NYC. U.S. Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis discusses Biden’s COVID relief proposal, Reopening New York’s economy, NYPD and NYC’s quality of life with Maria Bartiromo on Fox Business. On Newsmax, Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis discussed measures taken to accelerate vaccine distribution in NYC and reiterated her calks to reopen the local economy. Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis was officially sworn in on Sunday evening to represent Staten Island and Southwestern Brooklyn in the United States Congress. Congresswoman-elect Nicole Malliotakis appeared on Newsmax TV’s “American Agenda” to discuss the fight against socialism. Congresswoman-elect Nicole Malliotakis: ‘When AOC offers you free stuff, you’re paying for it with your freedom.’ The Republican message of freedom, opportunity & preservation of the American Dream needs to be heard on all networks. Congresswoman-Elect Nicole Malliatokis weighs in on the Biden camp’s plan to sign a bill for pathway to citizenship for 11 million immigrants. Nancy Pelosi will have the smallest majority since WWII and some Democrats are beginning to speak out against the radical left. Nicole Malliotakis talked with Jedediah Bila about her congressional race win and why ‘we must push back’ against socialism. Teddy tells the story of Teddy Bertone, a 94 year-old World War II veteran and his family’s struggle to get his citizenship papers from the U.S. government.Menu Menu posts categorized in READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post 2 STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare share share share share share share share share share share share share share share NICOLEMalliotakis: Biden Must Reject Radical Left if He Wants an Effective, Bipartisan Infrastructure Bill | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis: Biden Must Reject Radical Left if He Wants an Effective, Bipartisan Infrastructure BillCongresswoman Nicole Malliotakis appeared on FOX to discuss the influence that the radical Left has on President Biden and how he must reject them in order to pass a fair and balanced, bipartisan infrastructure bill.by Team Nicole on
                                                        May 14, 2021Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Malliotakis Blames Spike in Violent Crimes in New York on Democratic Policies President Biden: Don’t Rejoin The Iran Deal NICOLEMalliotakis: Taxpayer Money for Campaigns is Wrong and Ineffective | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis: Taxpayer Money for Campaigns is Wrong and Ineffectiveby Team Nicole on
                                                        Mar 03, 2021                         
                     
                             
         
     
 		
		
		
		 
		 				 
											 

		             
         Just another day in Nancy Pelosi’s Washington D.C. where the democrats are choosing politics and insiders above Americans.Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Rep. Malliotakis tells FNTV that Biden has given control of Southern Border to Cartels Malliotakis: Cuomo, de Blasio must freeze taxes & tolls if they receive federal aid NICOLERep. Malliotakis tells FNTV that Biden has given control of Southern Border to Cartels | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressRep. Malliotakis tells FNTV that Biden has given control of Southern Border to CartelsSpeaking to FNTV at the Souther Border at Rio Grande, Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis describes the out of control situation created by President Joe Biden’s reversal of Trump policies.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Apr 10, 2021Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare President Biden: Don’t Rejoin The Iran Deal Malliotakis: Taxpayer Money for Campaigns is Wrong and Ineffective NICOLEPress Releases | Nicole Malliotakis for Congress - Part 19Press ReleasesPosts navigationEvery year at the end of the legislative session, many hot-button issues debated over the preceding months develop into bills taken up at the Capitol. A popular topic of discussion in 2013 has been the public financing of political campaigns. The governor’s executive budget proposal contains language that would eliminate spousal refusal, a vital protection afforded to our aging population. On February 12, a number of religious congregations in our community will lose their home of worship. Over 60 houses of worship hold services at public schools throughout the city and many of these groups are small churches that have rented space in public schools for years. Most would agree that a crime committed against a minor is among the lowest of the low. And when such a crime involves a sexual attack, it almost shocks the conscience. Last week, the legislature convened in Albany for an Extraordinary Session to take up a set of issues that were geared toward closing this year’s budget gap and reducing the deficit looming next year. Coming off an extremely successful legislative session that closed a $10 billion budget deficit without any new or increased taxes, Governor Cuomo has turned state government’s attention to job creation as our number one priority. Under their proposal, licensed drivers would be able to self-certify that they meet the proper vision requirements when renewing their license every eight years, more than enough time fora person’s vision to deteriorate. Over the last several months, Brooklyn’s beleaguered bus rider shave scored a pair of major victories with the restoration of service on the X27 and X28 bus lines.Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post … 19 STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare share share share share share share share NICOLETake Action: Tell Max Rose and Bill De Blasio No Bail Reform for Dangerous Criminals | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressSIGN THE PETITION OVERVIEW: MAX ROSE EXPRESSED SUPPORT AS A CANDIDATE IN JUST WEEKS WE SAW:SIGN NOW TO STOP THIS RADICAL LAWSorry. This form is no longer available. As of January 1, those who commit hate crimes of various degrees including coercion, menacing, stalking, assault, aggravated harassment and even aggravated assault of a child are freed with no bail. other serious crimes include strangulation, nearly every type of drug dealing and criminally negligent homicide. On Page 9 of his candidate questionnaire, Max Rose not only expressed his support for Cuomo’s botched bail law, he also supported de Blasio’s closure of Rikers Island.Menu Menu TAKE ACTION SIGN THE PETITION ENDS IN -702 DAYS Max Rose and Bill de Blasio have something else in common. Both lent their support for the dangerous new bail law that is releasing violent and repeat offenders back onto our streets. Facebook Facebook Twitter Twitter Email Email sign the petition powered byTell Max Rose and De Blasio No Bail Reform for Dangerous Criminals 18811 / 25000 Supporters • Under this law, even those with lengthy “rap sheets” will be allowed to walk free. 
• Under this law, even dangerous criminals who pose a public safety risk can be released without bail. 
• This law removes almost all of a judge’s discretion and many of those arrested will simply be handed a summons, released and won’t see a judge until weeks later, when and if they appear in court. 
• Information concerning witnesses will no longer remain confidential until shortly before the trial. Now, the names of witnesses and their contact information will be released to the accused within 15 days of the arrest date, an action that will make the witnesses ripe for intimidation. 
• In addition, we need to examine our court system closely to ensure that the accused are receiving their constitutionally-protected right to a speedy trial, which the bail law does not address. • An unlicensed illegal immigrant released with no bail after committing a fatal hit and run; 
• A woman with a criminal history arrested for assaulting two Jewish women released and rearrested two more times in a week; 
• A man with 24 prior arrests released without bail after being charged with assault for punching a police officer; and 
• A man accused of stabbing a woman to death in Albany back in July released under the new law. 
• A man charged with predatory sex assault, rape of child less than 13 released without bail. 
• A man arrested in connection to four Manhattan bank robberies was released without bail and is suspected of robbing a 5th bank the next day in Brooklyn. 
• A homeless man arrested for 2 unprovoked attacks on women was arrested again — just a few hours after his release.Press Releases | Nicole Malliotakis for Congress - Part 2Press ReleasesPosts navigationThe Federal Election Commission filing, due July 15th, will show that the first term Republican raised $709,949.14 during the quarter and has $2,584,660.22 cash-on-hand.  In Alvin Bragg’s NY, violent career criminals roam free while law abiding citizens left to fend for themselves like Jose Alba get punished. Governor Kathy Hochul should FIRE Backwards Bragg! On Stephen Colbert’s show, AOC once again took a page out of the Hugo Chavez socialist playbook and called for packing the Supreme Court. Listen to Congresswoman Malliotakis on the Joe Piscopo. Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis slammed Vice President Kamala Harris’s handling of the border.  In 2020, New York state rolled out new criminal justice reform laws that eliminated cash bail and expanded pretrial release for several misdemeanor and felony charges. Since that time, thousands of violent criminal defendants have been released back on to our streets, free to wreak havoc in our communities. Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis said, “Today, democracy was preserved in New York through the actions of our state courts and their approval of new district lines for U.S. Congressional seats.  Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis appeared on Fox & Friends to discuss rising crime in New York. Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis calls out the Biden Administration on their response to the baby formula shortage. Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis discusses how one party rule has been disastrous with Fox News host Maria Bartiromo. CRES is a national organization that engages policymakers and the public on responsible conservative solutions for energy, economic and environmental security. As a lawsuit on the issue works its way through the courts, Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis today slammed defeated former Congressman Max Rose on his votes to water-down our election laws in a cynical attempt to give 16-year-olds, convicted felons and illegal immigrants the right to vote.  Nicole for New York, the campaign committee of Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis (NY-11, R-C, Staten Island-SW Brooklyn) announced today that it raised over $800,000 during the fourth quarter which ended on December 31st, making it her best quarter ever. Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis took the time to honor the life of a fallen soldier from Brooklyn on the floor of the House of Representatives. Raymond Smith, who was first reported missing in action on December 2nd, 1950, had his remains identified in March of this year. This was made possible after a 2018 summit between […] Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis recently spoke on the floor of Congress and expressed her stance against the “Build Back Better” bill that is being proposed by the Democrats. Malliotakis pointed out that she believed that the name of the bill was intentionally misleading tot he American people, whom she believes will not be better off if […]Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post 2 … STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare share share share share share share share share share share share share share share NICOLEThe Fight to Protect City Workers During This Crisis | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressThe Fight to Protect City Workers During This CrisisSanitation and other essential city workers are not receiving an adequate supply of protective equipment such as masks, gloves and hand sanitizers, Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis (R-Staten Island) told the Advance. Mayor Bill de Blasio should provide the funding for protective gear and ensure that the necessary items are distributed to police, firefighters, EMTs, corrections officers, sanitation workers and other vital city workers, she said. “Local elected officials are scrambling to get masks, gloves and other supplies donated for our essential city workers,” Malliotakis said. “On Tuesday, we delivered a limited supply of masks to each of the three (sanitation) garages, but the city needs to do more to protect them.” ‪“These essential city workers continue to get sick and spread the virus because they aren’t being provided the proper personal protective equipment,” the assemblywoman said. “This is outrageous.” Nicole Malliotakisby Team Nicole on
                                                        Mar 28, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byMalliotakis added that some sanitation workers are questioning whether the garages are being “thoroughly cleaned so that it’s safe for them to go back to work.” share Malliotakis Op-Ed: City Workers Need Protective Gear NOW SUSPEND METERS NOW NICOLECongressman Dan Crenshaw and Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis Host Veterans Town Hall | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressCongressman Dan Crenshaw and Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis Host Veterans Town HallCongressman Dan Crenshaw and Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis speak to Veterans on Staten Island about Dan Crenshaw’s service history, Sanctuary Cities, 911 Victims Compensation Fund, Undocumented Immigrants and Veteran Issues.by Team Nicole on
                                                        May 05, 2019Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Representative Peter King Endorses Nicole Malliotakis for U.S. Congress Malliotakis: Ilhan Omar Has Gone Too Far NICOLEMax Rose Needs to Come Clean on Stance on Bail Reform and NYC's Sanctuary City Policies | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMax Rose Needs to Come Clean on Stance on Bail Reform and NYC’s Sanctuary City Policies                 Sanctuary City policies have put innocent New Yorkers at riskAssemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis, the Republican and Conservative Party candidate in New York’s 11th Congressional District (Brooklyn/Staten Island) called on Congressman Max Rose to explain his support for Sanctuary City policies after federal immigration authorities laid blame on Mayor de Blasio’s policies for the sexual abuse and murder of 92 year-old Queens’ resident Maria Fuertes. Malliotakis called on Mayor de Blasio, “to finally admit that his Sanctuary City policies have put innocent New Yorkers at risk and are responsible for Reeaz Khan’s vile assault and murder of Maria Fuertes” and for Congressman Max Rose to explain, “why he has misrepresented himself to the voters; claiming to be moderate while supporting these radical and dangerous reforms.” Maria Fuertes, age 92, a fixture in her neighborhood, was found clinging to life on a Richmond Hill street in the early morning hours of January 6th.  Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis said, “Mayor de Blasio and Congressman Max Rose are like two peas in a progressive pod when it comes to criminal justice issues in our city and state. Mayor de Blasio needs to finally admit that his Sanctuary City policies have put innocent New Yorkers at risk and are responsible for Reeaz Khan’s vile assault and murder of Maria Fuertes. More importantly, Max Rose needs to explain why he has misrepresented himself to the voters; claiming to be moderate while supporting these radical and dangerous reforms. Not to mention, how a U.S. Congressman could possibly support policies that were specifically drafted to undercut federal laws and protect illegal immigrants who have committed serious crimes from detention and deportation by federal immigration authorities. “Whether it’s Sanctuary City policies, bail reform or the closing of Rikers Island, Max Rose is on the record supporting the radical, far-left criminal justice policies of Bill de Blasio, Andrew Cuomo and their progressive pals. When a sexual assault and vicious attack of a 92 year-old woman takes place on a Queens’ street or an illegal immigrant, without a driver’s license, kills a mother of 3 in a Christmas Eve hit and run on a road in Rockland County, justice should be served and illegal immigrants charged with serious crimes should not be shielded from detention or deportation by federal authorities. “Sanctuary City policies and criminal justice reforms have unleashed mayhem across our city and state. Max Rose needs to come clean and admit he is a progressive who supported these radical policies and laws which are out sync with the 11th C.D. and attempt to rationalize why a Congressman undercuts federal laws aimed at protecting our citizens from dangerous criminals.”by Team Nicole on
                                                        Jan 15, 2020Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byReeaz Khan, an illegal immigrant from Guyana, who was charged with the heinous crime, had previously been arrested for assault stemming from an incident where he attacked and slashed his own father. Under the de Blasio administration’s misguided Sanctuary City policies, the NYPD was forced to ignore an Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) detainer request issued for Khan on the same day he was arrested for the attack on his father. He was later released from custody, without bail, roughly 6 weeks prior to his murderous attack on Maria Fuertes. Max Rose voicing support for Sanctuary City policies: Questionnaire submitted by Max Rose where he affirms his support for closing Rikers Island and his support of bail reform: share Malliotakis: Two-Way Toll on the Verrazzano is MTA Doublespeak and a Lousy Idea NYGOP Chairman Langworthy Endorses Nicole Malliotakis for Congress NICOLEWatch: Malliotakis Discusses Governor Cuomo's Mishandling of Nursing Homes on Tucker Carlson Tonight | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressWatch: Malliotakis Discusses Governor Cuomo’s Mishandling of Nursing Homes on Tucker Carlson TonightNicole Malliotakis discusses the need for an independent federal investigation of the Cuomo Administration’s mishandling of nursing homes on Tucker Carlson Tonight.by Team Nicole on
                                                        May 08, 2020Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Schedule A Free Antibody Test Funeral Directors Join Malliotakis in Push to Open Cemeteries on Mother’s Day NICOLEMalliotakis now has GOP support from both sides of congressional district as race against Max Rose heats up | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis now has GOP support from both sides of congressional district as race against Max Rose heats upJan 10, 2020Menu Menu Staten Island Advance NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byMcCarthy Announces 35 Candidates in First Round of Young Gun “Contenders” After Repeated Brutal Attacks, Bail Reform Critics Call For Change NICOLEMalliotakis: Restore Legislative Authority Now, Reopen Some Sectors Now | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis: Restore Legislative Authority Now, Reopen Some Sectors Now                 End Gov. Cuomo’s Expanded Emergency PowersGovernor Cuomo has now extended the PAUSE until  , completely shutting down our region for another month. I disagree with this decision and believe, not only can we begin to reopen parts of our city now, but  . Affordable housing construction has never stopped and city sewer and transportation projects have resumed, in some cases with DOZENS of workers on site. Yet small businesses that conduct outdoor work such as construction, pool or fence installation and other home improvement jobs that require just a couple of workers remain shut down.  Additionally, the New York State Dental Association has said it has put in place enhanced safety protocols to protect their staff, their patients and themselves and are ready to return to work. Members of the Medical Society have indicated that procedures such as endoscopies, colonoscopies, joint injections, cystoscopies, biopsies, and gynecological office procedures can resume safely in an office setting, yet they are still prohibited. While everyone’s priority is public health, we need to be reasonable in our approach and   People need to return to their livelihoods, so they can pay their bills and feed their families. These sectors are a good place to start. I reiterate that the Speaker of the Assembly should call us back immediately to   It is past time to restore the traditional authorities given to the Legislature so we can represent our constituents as we were elected to do and have a say in the future of our state.by Team Nicole on
                                                        May 15, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byJune 13 there is a major double standard being applied here To not allow them to get back to work is a decision that lacks consistency. not conform to the belief that an overreaching government knows best for its citizens. end Gov. Cuomo’s expanded emergency powers. share Malliotakis Op-Ed: Put All Home Contract and Associated Trades Back to Work Delco Becomes First Pharmacy To Begin Free COVID-19 Testing NICOLEHUD Head Patton, Malliotakis Blast Mayor De Blasio For Further NYCHA Neglect | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressHUD Head Patton, Malliotakis Blast Mayor De Blasio For Further NYCHA NeglectMar 22, 2019Menu Menu CBS NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byFundraiser for Nicole Malliotakis for Congress at the Russian Tea Room 2020 House Overview: Can Democrats Keep Their Majority? NICOLERepresentative Peter King Endorses Nicole Malliotakis for U.S. Congress | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressRepresentative Peter King Endorses Nicole Malliotakis for U.S. CongressAssemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis, the Republican candidate for Congress (NY-11) in Staten Island and southwest Brooklyn, was endorsed today by Rep. Peter King (NY-2) a 14 term veteran of the House of Representatives and the well respected dean of the New York’s Republican Congressional delegation. The endorsement, along with previous financial support from PAC’s headed by fellow New Yorkers Rep. Elise Stefanik (NY-21) and Rep. Lee Zeldin  (NY-1) is further evidence of the level of support Malliotakis is receiving on her path to becoming the Republican nominee in what is expected to be a hotly contested House race.  said, “Nicole Malliotakis personifies the American dream and I am proud to endorse her for Congress. Nicole is young but experienced; thoughtful but hard driving. She knows the people of Staten Island and Brooklyn and shares their values. When Nicole is elected to Congress she will represent those hardworking people and fight hard for their values no matter what special interests might be in her way. With Nicole, real people will always come first. I hope you will join me in standing with Nicole Malliotakis. We need Nicole in Congress!”  said, “I’d like to thank Congressman Peter King for his kind words and strong endorsement. His work on the Homeland Security Committee and his efforts in support of the 9/11 Victims Compensation Fund as well as his efforts in response to the devastation of Hurricane Sandy, have been an inspiration to all New Yorkers. Peter King is a fighter for New York and I will be proud to serve with him in the U.S. Congress.” Well-respected dean of NY’s Republican delegation Rep. Peter King: “When Nicole is elected to Congress she will represent those hardworking people & fight hard for their values no matter what special interests might be in her way. With Nicole, real people will always come first.“  — Nicole Malliotakis (@NMalliotakis)by Team Nicole on
                                                        May 13, 2019Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byRep. Peter King Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis share Statement by Nicole Malliotakis on Mayor de Blasio’s Run for President Congressman Dan Crenshaw and Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis Host Veterans Town Hall NICOLEMalliotakis Declares Victory in GOP Primary for NY-11 Congressional Seat | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis Declares Victory in GOP Primary for NY-11 Congressional Seat                 WHAT A VICTORY!. I’d like to thank Chairman Lantry for his kind introduction and heartfelt support as well as the Brooklyn GOP Chair, Ted Ghora and their counterparts in the Conservative Party…Staten Island Chair David Mario Curcio and Brooklyn Chair Fran Vella Marrone and of course the Conservative Party State Chair Jerry Kassar…. as well as my staff…the volunteers and most importantly every Republicans who cast their vote today. America is in crisis….we are emerging from a deadly pandemic that has taken the lives of way too many New Yorkers and Americans. It has devastated the economy, put over 40 million Americans on the unemployment rolls and has changed the way we live our lives. We are facing a time of unprecedented civil unrest with rioters and looters in our streets and radical leftists and anarchists toppling historic statues and laying siege to the White House. We can sit back and watch silently as all we cherish is torn down or we can stand shoulder to shoulder and fight back against the Socialist Agenda that is sweeping this land. The question I’m asking tonight is will you stand with me and join in that fight? As most of you know….I am a first generation American whose father emigrated from Greece for a better life and whose mother fled Cuba as teenager to escape the clutch of communism when Fidel Castro seized power. Ronald Reagan warned us that “Freedom is never more than one generation away from extinction.” And guess what; he was right. Over his first 18 months in office, Max Rose has turned his back on the promises he made and the beliefs of the majority of his constituents. Two years ago….he claimed to be a moderate Democrat who would act independently of House Speaker Nancy Pelosi…but, once elected he proved to be just another liberal Democrat voting with her over 95% of the time. Over those 18 months he joined with the left to help stall the America-Mexico-Canada trade agreement. He voted to release convicts from federal prisons, to use our tax dollars to fund political campaigns……and most importantly he cast his vote with Jerry Nadler…Adam Schiff …and AOC to impeach our President Donald Trump. The time has come my friends to send Max Rose packing and make him a One Term Wonder, like other Democrats who have held this seat. For the past 10 years I have represented Staten Island and South Brooklyn in the New York State Assembly and have fought against the liberals who now rule this city and state…..I have fought against high taxes and bad schools…..against bail reform and Sanctuary City polices that protect criminals here illegally….I sued the Port Authority to achieve transparency, and took on the MTA, too. I stood up to Bill de Blasio and against his plans for heroin injection centers in our neighborhoods and we got him to agree to deport illegal immigrants who committed sex crimes….and I’ve fought for the hard-working….tax-paying..law abiding New Yorkers that the liberal Democrats hold in contempt. I will continue that fight in Washington….and you have my word the I will stand on the floor of the House Chambers and vote for common sense solutions to the problems that vex us today. I will stand with President Trump….Leader McCarthy and all who cherish our freedom as we battle the creep of Socialism and fight to Make America Great Again! Thank you and God Bless America!by Team Nicole on
                                                        Jun 23, 2020Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byAssemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis, the Republican and Conservative Party candidate for New York’s 11th Congressional District (Staten Island-Southern Brooklyn) declared victory in tonight’s Republican Primary.. Speaking before supporters at GOP Headquarters in Staten Island, Assemblywoman Malliotakis delivered the following remarks: share Op-Ed: Fixes to Dangerous Bail Law a Step in the Right Direction Donald Trump Jr. Urges New Yorkers to Vote for Nicole Malliotakis NICOLEStatement by Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis on $3 Trillion COVID-19 Spending Package | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressStatement by Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis on $3 Trillion COVID-19 Spending Package                 A $3 Trillion Far Left BoondoggleAssemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis said, “Today, Congressman Max Rose followed the instructions of Speaker Nancy Pelosi and joined with Alexandria Ocasio Cortez, Jerry Nadler, Ilhan Omar and Adam Schiff to vote for a $3 trillion far left boondoggle that is bad for the nation, Staten Island and Southern Brooklyn. “This legislation, as drafted by the House Democrats, isn’t so much a stimulus bill as it is a liberal election year wish list. It gives stimulus checks to illegal immigrants, releases prisoners over the age of 50 and makes drastic changes to how we vote; compromising the integrity of our election process. “36 million Americans became unemployed during this pandemic. Our citizens are struggling to pay their rent, mortgage, and put food on the table. Small businesses face an uncertain future. The nation is taking on trillions in new debt. “Congressman Rose needs to explain how he could possibly vote for legislation that will take money out of the hands of unemployed American citizens and turns it over to illegal immigrants, convicts and bureaucrats.”by Team Nicole on
                                                        May 15, 2020Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Assemblywoman Malliotakis Facilitates Medical Gown Production in Brooklyn Malliotakis Op-Ed: Put All Home Contract and Associated Trades Back to Work NICOLEWatch | Nicole Malliotakis for Congress - Part 3WatchPosts navigationNicole Malliotakis announced the endorsement of the National Vietnam and Gulf War Veterans Coalition at a Sunday afternoon news conference held as part of Veterans for Malliotakis Day of Action. Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis holds a law & order rally where she received the endorsement of all 5 NYPD Unions over incumbent Rep. Max Rose- PBA, Sergeants, Detectives, Lieutenants and Captains- as well as the Port Authority. Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis announced the endorsement of the NFIB Federal PAC at a Thursday morning news conference on the grounds of ACME Industrial. “If Nicole can help you, she’s a phone call away. I don’t see anyone helping like she did.” Ken McIntyre from Tottenville. Nicole Malliotakis talks to FOX Business’ Melissa Francis about when New York City will allow indoor dining. Assemblywoman and U.S. Congressional Candidate Nicole Malliotakis says that New Yorkers fed up with state’s soaring crime rate and sinking economy should vote Republican in November. Nicole discusses how Democrats in NY and around the country have turned their backs on law enforcement and are peddling dangerous and misguided policies that are making communities less safe. The campaign of Nicole Malliotakis premiered it’s new commercial Thin Blue Line on TV screens across the district on Friday. The anarchy we have seen this week is a result of the rhetoric spoken and bad policies put in place by “progressive politicians” who have sent the message that there is no consequence for criminal actions. Nicole Malliotakis joined ‘The Daily Briefing’ on Fox News to discuss the devastating effect of Governor Cuomo’s Executive Order on nursing homes. On Neil Cavuto’s Coast to Coast, Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis discusses the need for consistency and common sense as New York looks to reopen. Nicole Malliotakis discusses the need for an independent federal investigation of the Cuomo Administration’s mishandling of nursing homes on Tucker Carlson Tonight Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis appeared on PBS’ MetroFocus to discuss the Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic. NYC’s public schools should be closed and Mayor de Blasio should execute a plan that provides child care services for children of healthcare workers, first responders and others in need. New York bail reform legislation went into effect on January 1. New York State Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis pushes back.Menu Menu posts categorized in READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post 3 STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare share share share share share share share share share share share share share share NICOLEMalliotakis on The Joe Piscopo Show to Talk NY Primary, Non-Citizen Voting Suit Victory | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis on The Joe Piscopo Show to Talk NY Primary, Non-Citizen Voting Suit VictoryIn December 2021, the New York City Council passed a measure that would have allowed more than 800,000 non-citizens to vote in municipal elections, making New York City the largest city in the United States to grant non-citizens the right to vote. Republicans, including Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis, filed a lawsuit to block the city’s law and won.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Jun 29, 2022Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Malliotakis on Democrats’ Dangerous Push to Pack the U.S. Supreme Court Forbes: Malliotakis Torches VP Kamala Harris Over Border NICOLEForbes: Malliotakis Torches VP Kamala Harris Over Border | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressForbes: Malliotakis Torches VP Kamala Harris Over BorderRep. Nicole Malliotakis (R-NY) slammed Vice President Kamala Harris’s handling of the border.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Jun 22, 2022Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Malliotakis on The Joe Piscopo Show to Talk NY Primary, Non-Citizen Voting Suit Victory Op-Ed: How Congress can curb dangerous bail reform laws NICOLEPress Releases | Nicole Malliotakis for Congress - Part 18Press ReleasesPosts navigationEarlier this month, state legislators adopted a budget that will strike a fatal blow to the historically troubled MTA. The budget authorizes the agency to increase its debt limit to a whopping $55 billion from an already unsustainable $37 billion. Each year, we should be making headway for New York’s struggling college students. We should be addressing the ever-increasing costs of higher education and adopting measures that ensure current and prospective students have the opportunity to earn a college degree without being burdened with debt come graduation day. Instead, we are seeing actions that will do the opposite. Tyrone Howard, who viciously killed Police Officer Holder Tuesday night, benefited from misguided “reform” to our state’s drug laws to get out of prison and back on the streets. While many of us spend the winter months daydreaming about warmer days, others have made the permanent move elsewhere. Their reason for leaving New York, however, is not solely for sunnier weather. Two years ago, following the use of taxpayer funds to cover up sexual harassment in the state Assembly, I was among those who called for Speaker Sheldon Silver to resign.  A few weeks ago, the MTA unveiled its 2015 Capital Plan. Despite its $32 billion price tag, projects important to Southwest Brooklyn and the outer boroughs are, once again, nowhere to be found.  When I entered the state legislature in 2011, I couldn’t believe the amount of paper wasted every day. Hundreds of pages of different drafts of bills are put on our chamber desks, sent to our offices, and placed in meeting rooms of the various committees we serve on, despite most legislators reading the bills beforehand and oftentimes electronically. In the final hours of the 2014 legislative session, the New York State Legislature took action on one of the most important issues of the year, passing sweeping measures to combat the prescription drug and heroin epidemic plaguing our communities. The Women’s Equality Act has been hotly contested for the past two years, and now is the time to come together and deliver legislation that helps New York’s women.  With graduation season underway, now is the time to raise awareness about one of the fastest growing problems facing our nation. The priorities of those governing New York seem to be lost in a quagmire, and we’re dangerously close to setting two very bad precedents.  Over the past three years, my colleagues and I have worked hard to turn a $10 billion deficit into what is projected to be a $2 billion surplus in 2014. As we begin a new year, it is incumbent upon state legislators to take stock of the successes gained over the past year and the areas where work is left to be done.  South Brooklyn is a gem among our borough’s communities and the entire city. Business is booming, families are moving in and the community has never been more attractive. That’s why it is so critical that we take every measure possible to keep crime off our streets and protect our community. The 2013 legislative session was filled with philosophical differences and conflicts that slowed the progress made for New Yorkers over the last two years. Ideological debates hindered many important measures from moving forward. However, the state Assembly was able to deliver positive results for seniors in 2013.Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post … 18 STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare share share share share share share share share share share share share share share NICOLECongresswoman Malliotakis Speaks Out Against the "Build Back Better" Bill | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressCongresswoman Malliotakis Speaks Out Against the “Build Back Better” BillCongresswoman Nicole Malliotakis recently spoke on the floor of Congress and expressed her stance against the “Build Back Better” bill that is being proposed by the Democrats. Malliotakis pointed out that she believed that the name of the bill was intentionally misleading tot he American people, whom she believes will not be better off if the bill is passed and stated that if the bill were to be passed, today’s children would be saddled with severe debt in the future and that the economy would be greatly damaged.   In a   regarding her speech, Malliotakis said, “ Democrats in the House are intent on destroying the American Dream and implementing socialism. We are going to work with our partners in the Senate to stop them.    — Office of Rep. Nicole Malliotakis (@RepMalliotakis)by Team Nicole on
                                                        Nov 18, 2021Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis Democrats in the House are intent on destroying the American Dream and implementing socialism. We are going to work with our partners in the Senate to stop them.  “ NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Congreswoman Nicole Malliotakis Pays Tribute to a Soldier from Brooklyn who Died in the Korean War Malliotakis: NYC Will Benefit Greatly from Bipartisan Infrastructure Investment NICOLECongreswoman Nicole Malliotakis Pays Tribute to a Soldier from Brooklyn who Died in the Korean War | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressCongreswoman Nicole Malliotakis Pays Tribute to a Soldier from Brooklyn who Died in the Korean WarCongresswoman Nicole Malliotakis took the time to honor the life of a fallen soldier from Brooklyn on the floor of the House of Representatives. Raymond Smith, who was first reported missing in action on December 2nd, 1950, had his remains identified in March of this year. This was made possible after a 2018 summit between then President Donald Trump and North Korean Supreme Leader Kim Jong-un, following which 55 boxes of possible human remains of fallen US soldiers were sent to the United States. “Raymond’s family finally received closure when his remains were finally identified and accounted for after 71 unbearable years,” Malliotakis said. “[His] memory lives on and his sacrifice won’t be forgotten. Currently there are more than 81,600 Americans that remain missing from World War II, the Korean War, Vietnam War, Cold War, Gulf War and other conflicts.” Malliotakis then went on to tweet about the 81k+ American soldiers who are still unidentified, tweeting, “by Team Nicole on
                                                        Nov 23, 2021Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis There are 81k+ Americans still missing from World War II, Korean, Vietnam, Cold, Gulf Wars & other conflicts. The recent return of  PFC Raymond Smith’s remains to   should inspire us all to work toward the repatriation of ALL our POW/MIA.  NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Rep. Nicole Malliotakis Raises Over $800,000 in 4th Quarter – War Chest Holds Over $1.8 Million for November’s Election Congresswoman Malliotakis Speaks Out Against the “Build Back Better” Bill NICOLERep. Nicole Malliotakis Raises Over $800,000 in 4th Quarter – War Chest Holds Over $1.8 Million for November's Election | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressRep. Nicole Malliotakis Raises Over $800,000 in 4th Quarter – War Chest Holds Over $1.8 Million for November’s Election                 $800,068.39 is the single largest fundraising quarter for the freshman Congresswomanby Team Nicole on
                                                        Jan 13, 2022Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis Nicole for New York, the campaign committee of Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis (NY-11, R-C, Staten Island-SW Brooklyn) announced today that it raised over $800,000 during the fourth quarter which ended on December 31st, making it her best quarter ever. The Federal Election Commission filing, due January 15th, will show that the first term Republican raised $800,068.39 during the quarter and has $1,800,912.51 cash-on-hand. Even more impressive, is the fact that of the 4,269 individual donors during the period, 50% were first time contributors to the Malliotakis campaign. Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis said, “I want to thank my donors in NY-11 and freedom loving Americans across the country for their generous support during the fourth quarter of 2021. My fight against the Biden Administration’s many crises is exactly what New Yorkers and Americans expect from their members of congress. I will continue to hold Biden accountable for record-breaking inflation, mishandling of the COVID pandemic, supply chain crisis and the debacle at the Southern border. It is abundantly clear that the Democrats in Washington can’t get the job done and the need to hold this seat and take back the House to restore a much-needed balance in this country and reverse course is clearer than ever.” $800,068.39 is the single largest fundraising quarter for the freshman Congresswoman and brings her overall fundraising for 2021 to $2,293,000 and comes on the heels of her defeated 2020 opponent announcing a rematch in early December. Malliotakis said, “It shows not only do people in the district and across America appreciate the work I’m doing but they also don’t want to see the return of another rubber stamp for Nancy Pelosi.” Congresswoman Malliotakis serves on the House Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Select Committee on the Coronavirus Crisis. She also holds the position of Assistant Whip for the House Republican Conference. NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Malliotakis Slams Max Rose on Non-Citizen Voting & H.R. 1 Congreswoman Nicole Malliotakis Pays Tribute to a Soldier from Brooklyn who Died in the Korean War NICOLEMalliotakis Slams Max Rose on Non-Citizen Voting & H.R. 1 | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis Slams Max Rose on Non-Citizen Voting & H.R. 1As a lawsuit on the issue works its way through the courts, Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis (NY-11, R- Staten Island-SW Brooklyn) today slammed defeated former Congressman Max Rose on his votes to water-down our election laws in a cynical attempt to give 16-year-olds, convicted felons and illegal immigrants the right to vote. On January 10th, in the wake of the New York City Council’s recently enacted legislation that allows non-citizens to vote in municipal elections, Congresswoman Malliotakis announced that she had joined with other NYC elected officials and private citizens in a   aimed at blocking the ill-conceived legislation. Congresswoman Malliotakis said, “Max Rose has a clear record of working to deconstruct our election laws; in a single term in Congress, he voted to water-down our election laws for universal absentee ballots and same day voter registration that the residents of this district overwhelmingly oppose and voted against 2 to 1 in last November’s election. Despite this, Rose continues to push for these changes, calling for the passage of H.R.1 on January 5th. In addition, he voted against language in the House condemning municipalities that allow non-citizens to vote and made it clear that ‘allowing illegal immigrants vote devalues the franchise and diminishes the voting power of the United States Citizen.’ Max Rose stands shoulder to shoulder with Reps. Alexandria Ocasio Cortez, Ilhan Omar and the ‘Squad’ in his support of H.R. 1, a bill filled with a far-left wish list of election law changes that even includes voting rights for 16-year-olds and convicted felons.” Additionally, H.R.1 would allow every candidate for Congress to receive six taxpayer dollars for every $1 raised up to $5 million per candidate. With Senate candidates included, this measure is estimated to cost taxpayers $1.2 billion every two years. Unlike Rose, Malliotakis voted against H.R.1 and called taxpayer funding of campaigns “legalized embezzlement.” Congresswoman Malliotakis serves on the House Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Select Committee on the Coronavirus Crisis. She also holds the position of Assistant Whip for the House Republican Conference.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Jan 18, 2022Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis Endorsed by Citizens for Responsible Energy Solution Rep. Nicole Malliotakis Raises Over $800,000 in 4th Quarter – War Chest Holds Over $1.8 Million for November’s Election NICOLEWatch: Malliotakis on Fox & Friends Blasts New York's Controversial Bail Reform Law | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressWatch: Malliotakis on Fox & Friends Blasts New York’s Controversial Bail Reform LawNew York bail reform legislation went into effect on January 1. New York State Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis pushes back.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Mar 02, 2020Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Local senior centers and they are providing emergency three meal food boxes Malliotakis, Raptakis Urge EU & USA To Help As Turkey Floods Greece With Refugees NICOLEWatch Nicole Discuss The City, State and Federal Response to COVID-19 on PBS' MetroFocus | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressWatch Nicole Discuss The City, State and Federal Response to COVID-19 on PBS’ MetroFocusAssemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis appeared on PBS’ MetroFocus to discuss the Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Mar 31, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Medical Volunteers Wanted & Are Signing Up! The CARES Act Explained NICOLEWatch Malliotakis on Fox & Friends: If the Police Aren't Safe, We're Not Safe | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressWatch Malliotakis on Fox & Friends: If the Police Aren’t Safe, We’re Not SafeOn Fox & Friends Sunday, New York State Assemblywoman and Candidate for Congress discusses how Democrats in NY and around the country have turned their backs on law enforcement and are peddling dangerous and misguided policies that are making communities less safe.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Aug 09, 2020Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Malliotakis Delivers Goya Products to Food Pantries Watch: Malliotakis Campaign Launches “Thin Blue Line” Ad NICOLEPress Releases | Nicole Malliotakis for Congress - Part 17Press ReleasesPosts navigationLike many New Yorkers, I want Amazon to come to our state and its job creation to benefit our residents. You’d be hard pressed to find a city or state in America that would not welcome the economic activity created by capitalism. Like many New Yorkers, I want Amazon to come to our state and its job creation to benefit our residents. You’d be hard pressed to find a city or state in America that would not welcome the economic activity created by capitalism. New Yorkers, especially Staten Islanders, have learned many lessons in the wake of Hurricane Sandy. One of the most important being the need for members of our community to stand up and speak out about the challenges the East Shore faces as we continue to rebuild and work to prevent similar devastation from future storms. Mayor de Blasio was in the battleground state of Florida this past weekend campaigning for the Bernie Sanders-backed Democratic nominee for governor, Andrew Gillum, but it is most likely the Republican ticket of Ron DeSantis and Janette Nunez that he helped by being there. April Fool’s Day is usually the first day of April, but it came again this year when Mayor Bill de Blasio welcomed the month of October by creating a new position he grandly calls “chief democracy officer,” adding to New York City’s already bloated ranks of municipal employees. Mayor Bill de Blasio was in the battleground state of Florida this past weekend campaigning for the Bernie Sanders-backed Democratic nominee for governor, Andrew Gillum, but it is most likely the Republican ticket of Ron DeSantis and Janette Nunez that he helped by being there. Property taxes are easily one of the top issues affecting our community and other pockets of New York City, and a leading reason why our city has become so unaffordable. Another Supreme Court nomination by a Republican president, another attempt to use cynical scare tactics by the Empire State’s own version of Chicken Little. The sudden and shocking resignation of state Attorney General Eric Schneiderman has brought to light the archaic legal guidelines for replacing the Empire State’s chief law enforcement officer or its controller if the elected official resigns or dies while in office. On July 17, 2017, during my campaign for mayor, I issued a news release containing the following headline: “Mayor Turns a Blind Eye as Sexual Assaults Climb.” Mayor de Blasio and his aides denied any such increase and in fact, during our first debate, the mayor went so far as to attack me for employing what he called “a classic right-wing Republican scare tactic.” New Yorkers were recently awarded a dubious distinction; residents of the Empire State were found to be the most highly taxed people in the United States. Money doesn’t grow on trees. In New York City, it grows on houses. At least that’s what City Hall seems to believe, with its consistent, steep increase of the property-tax levy — the amount of money our mayor and City Council have sought from property owners to pay for the city’s lavish spending. You can now ride the subway for free. At least that is the message being sent by progressive prosecutors. As the NFL playoffs approach, New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio and City Council Speaker Melissa Mark-Viverito have found their political football. Since Donald Trump’s election, they’ve seen an opportunity to rally their base by amplifying rhetoric that city records must be destroyed to protect illegal immigrants from deportation by the incoming Trump administration. Their victories are a great source of pride for all New Yorkers and should be celebrated. However, in states across the country, including ours, the medalists are congratulated with a tax bill.Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post … 17 STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare share share share share share share share share share share share share share share NICOLEMalliotakis: NYC Will Benefit Greatly from Bipartisan Infrastructure Investment | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis: NYC Will Benefit Greatly from Bipartisan Infrastructure InvestmentCongresswoman Nicole Malliotakis recently appeared on FOX News to defend her position in support of Bipartisan Infrastructure Investment. This position has received some scrutiny, as some believe that support of the investment bolsters Nancy Pelosi, to whom  the Congresswoman typically finds herself opposed. However, Malliotakis defended her position, stating that she did her job in supporting an investment that would be beneficial to the people in her district, whom she has been elected to represent. Additionally, Malliotakis also pointed out that AOC herself has stated that this investment would make it more difficult to pass her Build Back Better bill, which Republicans have largely opposed.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Nov 15, 2021Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Congresswoman Malliotakis Speaks Out Against the “Build Back Better” Bill Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis Helps to Secure $2.3 Million for RUMC’s Head Start Program NICOLEMalliotakis Announces Endorsement of NFIB FED PAC | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis Announces Endorsement of NFIB FED PAC                 Malliotakis: I’ll fight for small business and the free enterprise system we believe in!Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis, the Republican and Conservative Party candidate for Congress in the New York’s 11th District (Staten Island-Southwestern Brooklyn) announced the endorsement of the NFIB Federal PAC at a Thursday morning news conference on the grounds of ACME Industrial on Front Street, Staten Island, NY. National Federation of Independent Business (NFIB) is the nation and New York’s leading small business advocacy organization. Joining Assemblywoman Malliotakis at the news conference was Joseph Martucci, President of ACME Industrial and an NFIB member, as well as members of the NY-11 small business community. ACME Industrial is a full service marine, industrial and commercial maintenance and repair company specializing in areas of steel fabrication, welding, HVAC, machine shop and mechanical work. For more information on ACME Industrial,  . Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis said, “Small businesses across the nation and especially right here in New York City, deal on a daily basis with high taxes, government red tape and burdensome regulations. Ask any business owner; these are the three major headaches they face every day and the three issues that have a negative effect on their bottom line. These are the issues I’ve fought against during my 10 years in the New York State Assembly and these are the three issues I’ll focus on when I’m elected to the U.S. Congress. “For nearly 80 years, NFIB has been at the forefront of defending the rights of small business owners who are the backbone of the American economy. With the growing specter of socialism, it’s become clear that Nancy Pelosi, Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, Max Rose and the rest, view small business merely as a conduit to deliver more tax dollars to Washington. Earlier this week, Republican House Leader Kevin McCarthy rolled-out what he calls the Commitment to America. In it, he laysout a plan that will get America working again and add 10 million new good-paying jobs by: “This is the Republican plan to restore American jobs when we take back Congress and we must win back this congressional seat to make this plan a reality. In Congress, I will stand with Leader McCarthy and my Republican colleague as we lead the fight for small business and the free enterprise system we believe in.” Joe Martucci, President of ACME Industrial and an NFIB member said, “Acme Industrial is a small business that was founded 41 years ago and over time has grown to 35 employees. As any small business owner will tell you, we spend way too much time dealing with a host of issues created by local, state and federal governments. Small business owners simply don’t have the time to track down their elected officials to plead their case, that’s why I joined NFIB; because every day they fight for the rights of small businesses here in New York State and across the nation. “For the past decade Staten Island and Southwestern Brooklyn has had Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis standing-up for small business in State Legislature in Albany and now it’s time to send her to Washington where she can do the same. As a member of the state legislature, Nicole helped deliver the lowest corporate tax rate in decades, successfully fought for the elimination of the MTA payroll tax on small businesses and the sales tax on clothing under $110, voted against burdensome regulations and over 350 tax increases, as well as have been leading the fight against high and property taxes that have increased rents and cost of business. “Assemblywoman Malliotakis understands the struggles we face because she grew up watching her own parents run their small business and unlike the professional politicians she knows what it means to make a payroll, deal with out of control health care costs and fight the bureaucratic red tape and regulation that we waste hours dealing with. During the COVID-19 outbreak, Assemblywoman Malliotakis has been a vocal advocate for small businesses throughout the congressional district and across the city that struggling to survive. She’s a fighter and that’s exactly who we need representing the 11th Congressional District in Washington.” Greg Biryla, NFIB’s New York State Director said, “Growing up in a small business family, Nicole Malliotakis has a deep understanding of the challenges our members are experiencing. She is committed to reducing taxes on small businesses and increasing government accountability and transparency. We know she will be a strong advocate for our state’s small businesses in Congress. That’s why we’re proud to endorse Nicole Malliotakis today for election to the United States House of Representatives on behalf of small businesses in New York’s 11th Congressional District.” NFIB National Political Director Sharon Sussin said, “Nicole Malliotakis will be a friend and an ally of New York’s small businesses in Congress. She knows the difficulties small businesses are facing everywhere and understands the issues our members care about. We are pleased to endorse her for election to Congress today, and we look forward to working with her.” For information on NFIB,  .by Team Nicole on
                                                        Sep 17, 2020Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Cops for Nicole: All 5 NYPD Unions Endorse Nicole Malliotakis Watch Nicole’s New Ad: “Work Boots” NICOLEDonald Trump Jr. Urges New Yorkers to Vote for Nicole Malliotakis | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressDonald Trump Jr. Urges New Yorkers to Vote for Nicole MalliotakisTrump Jr: “My father and I are urging you to vote for Nicole Malliotakis in tomorrow’s Republican Primary. It is critical we elect Nicole Malliotakis to Congress, because Nicole will stand for law & order, and help my father restore American jobs while putting our contry first. My father made the right decision endorsing Nicole because she is the conservative voice New York City desperately needs in Washington D.C. Thank you for your support.”by Team Nicole on
                                                        Jun 22, 2020Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Malliotakis Declares Victory in GOP Primary for NY-11 Congressional Seat Malliotakis and Tannousis Want Rioting, Looting Added to Bail Fixes Taking Effect This July NICOLETake Action: Tell Max Rose and Bill De Blasio No Bail Reform for Dangerous Criminals | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressSIGN THE PETITION OVERVIEW: MAX ROSE EXPRESSED SUPPORT AS A CANDIDATE IN JUST WEEKS WE SAW:SIGN NOW TO STOP THIS RADICAL LAWSorry. This form is no longer available. As of January 1, those who commit hate crimes of various degrees including coercion, menacing, stalking, assault, aggravated harassment and even aggravated assault of a child are freed with no bail. other serious crimes include strangulation, nearly every type of drug dealing and criminally negligent homicide. On Page 9 of his candidate questionnaire, Max Rose not only expressed his support for Cuomo’s botched bail law, he also supported de Blasio’s closure of Rikers Island.Menu Menu TAKE ACTION SIGN THE PETITION ENDS IN -702 DAYS Max Rose and Bill de Blasio have something else in common. Both lent their support for the dangerous new bail law that is releasing violent and repeat offenders back onto our streets. Facebook Facebook Twitter Twitter Email Email sign the petition powered byTell Max Rose and De Blasio No Bail Reform for Dangerous Criminals 18811 / 25000 Supporters • Under this law, even those with lengthy “rap sheets” will be allowed to walk free. 
• Under this law, even dangerous criminals who pose a public safety risk can be released without bail. 
• This law removes almost all of a judge’s discretion and many of those arrested will simply be handed a summons, released and won’t see a judge until weeks later, when and if they appear in court. 
• Information concerning witnesses will no longer remain confidential until shortly before the trial. Now, the names of witnesses and their contact information will be released to the accused within 15 days of the arrest date, an action that will make the witnesses ripe for intimidation. 
• In addition, we need to examine our court system closely to ensure that the accused are receiving their constitutionally-protected right to a speedy trial, which the bail law does not address. • An unlicensed illegal immigrant released with no bail after committing a fatal hit and run; 
• A woman with a criminal history arrested for assaulting two Jewish women released and rearrested two more times in a week; 
• A man with 24 prior arrests released without bail after being charged with assault for punching a police officer; and 
• A man accused of stabbing a woman to death in Albany back in July released under the new law. 
• A man charged with predatory sex assault, rape of child less than 13 released without bail. 
• A man arrested in connection to four Manhattan bank robberies was released without bail and is suspected of robbing a 5th bank the next day in Brooklyn. 
• A homeless man arrested for 2 unprovoked attacks on women was arrested again — just a few hours after his release.Watch: Nicole Malliotakis blasts Biden's Immigration Plan on Tucker Carlson Tonight | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressWatch: Nicole Malliotakis blasts Biden’s Immigration Plan on Tucker Carlson TonightCongresswoman-Elect Nicole Malliatokis weighs in on the Biden camp’s plan to sign a bill for pathway to citizenship for 11 million immigrants.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Nov 25, 2020Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Statement by Congresswoman-Elect Malliotakis on the Supreme Court Decision On Houses of Worship Malliotakis: Democrats Should Join Us to Shut Down Socialist Squad NICOLEThe CARES Act Explained | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressThe CARES Act ExplainedWhat the CARES Act means for you                 
             
                Relief for workers affected by coronavirus                 
             On March 27, 2020, President Trump signed the CARES Act into law. The CARES Act provides enhanced Unemployment Insurance benefits and Pandemic Unemployment Assistance for New Yorkers. 
                What the CARES Act means for healthcare providers                 
             
                What the CARES Act means for small businessesIn the near future, if you made $75,000 or less ($150,000 for a married couple), you are going to receive a direct deposit or check for $1,200 ($2,400 for a married couple) from the federal government, with an extra $500 for every child you have. Above those income levels, smaller checks will be issued to singles with incomes between $75,000 and $99,000 or couples earning between $150,000 and $198,000. If you filed a 2018 tax return or have already filed a 2019 tax return, these payments will be sent automatically.  Typically, self-employed people, freelancers and contractors can’t apply for unemployment. This bill creates a new, temporary Pandemic Unemployment Assistance program through the end of this year to help people who lose work as a direct result of the public health emergency. To Learn More –  
Do nothing except continue to certify weekly. Your benefits will automatically be updated. You may qualify to receive: The CARES Act expands coverage to more workers, including self-employed, contractors and furloughed workers. For more information and to check your eligibility for Pandemic Unemployment Assistance visit  . If you believe you are eligible, apply online at  . You may also call 1-888-209-8124 if you do not have access to a computer. 
You may qualify to receive: 
Apply online at  . You may also call 1-888-209-8124 if you do not have access to a computer. You may qualify to receive: For more information, please see Frequently Asked Questions About UI During the Coronavirus Emergency:  To apply for Unemployment Insurance benefits file on these days based on the first letter of your last name: The bill provides $100 billion for hospitals, community health centers and other providers to assist with their response to the COVID-19 pandemic. This funding is designed to be flexible, so that medical providers can use it to prepare and to respond to the current emergency. Separate funding of $16 billion will help replenish our National Strategic Stockpile of vital items like personal protective equipment (PPE) and respirators. And, $11 billion will be used to research vaccines and treatments for COVID-19. Small businesses, sole proprietorships, independent contractors and private non-profit organizations in New York State that suffered substantial economic injury as a result of the COVID-19 epidemic are eligible for low-interest federal disaster loans through the SBA of up to $2 million, and a grant of up to $10,000, which may not have to be repaid, even if the loan application is denied. Applications are processed on a first-come, first-served basis and the $10,000 grant should be paid within three days of an application. The streamlined application process can be found at  . The CARES Act also creates the Paycheck Protection Program to provide small businesses (up to 500 employees) with funds to pay up to 8 weeks of payroll costs, including benefits. Funds can also be used to pay interest on mortgages, rent and utilities. The funds will be issued as loans that are fully forgiven if the employer maintains or quickly rehires employees. The program covers small businesses, nonprofits, self-employed individuals, sole proprietorships and independent contractors. Because of funding caps, apply as quickly as possible through any SBA lender or federally-insured bank or credit union. For more information, visit  . You may also visit   or   to find more information about the Paycheck Protection Program and other resources offered through the CARES Act. And for additional information, visit:by Team Nicole on
                                                        Mar 31, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byDirect payments: Extra unemployment payments:  Gig workers and freelancers: What should I do if I’m already approved for Unemployment Insurance Benefits? What should I do if I’m not traditionally eligible for Unemployment Insurance benefits? What should I do if I’m filing a new Unemployment Insurance claim? On March 27, 2020, President Trump signed the CARES Act into law. The CARES Act provides assistance to small businesses through the U.S. Small Business Administration. Paycheck Protection Program FAQ: Payroll Protection Program When can I apply? What do I need to apply? How much of my loan will be forgiven? share Watch Nicole Discuss The City, State and Federal Response to COVID-19 on PBS’ MetroFocus Important Information Regarding NYS Unemployment Benefits NICOLEWatch: Congresswomen-Elect Nicole Malliotakis & Nancy Mace discuss Republican women record-breaking victories | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressWatch: Congresswomen-Elect Nicole Malliotakis & Nancy Mace discuss Republican women record-breaking victoriesThe Republican message of freedom, opportunity & preservation of the American Dream needs to be heard on all networks.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Nov 29, 2020Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Malliotakis to Socialists: Nothing in life is free Statement by Congresswoman-Elect Malliotakis on the Supreme Court Decision On Houses of Worship NICOLELocal senior centers and they are providing emergency three meal food boxes | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressLocal senior centers and they are providing emergency three meal food boxesby Team Nicole on
                                                        Mar 03, 2020                         
                     
                             
         
     
 		
		
		
		 
		 				 
											 

		             
         We all need to check up on our senior citizens who are most at risk. I’ve touched base with our local senior centers and they are providing emergency three meal food boxes and Meals on Wheels still has nurses doing intakes for home food delivery. If you know of someone age 60+ who is unable to cook or shop for themselves please call 718-727-4435 on   and in Bay Ridge, Dyker heights and Bensonhurst   call 718-680-3530‬Menu Menu COVID-19 Information # StatenIsland # Brooklyn NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Take Action: Stop The Democrats Radical New Bail “Reform” Law Watch: Malliotakis on Fox & Friends Blasts New York’s Controversial Bail Reform Law NICOLEPress Releases | Nicole Malliotakis for Congress - Part 16Press ReleasesPosts navigationCrenshaw and Malliotakis discussed Dan’s service history, sanctuary cities, the 9/11 Victims Compensation Fund, undocumented immigrants and veteran issues. Max Rose Should Call for Her Resignation from House Foreign Affairs Committee. On Wednesday, Rep. Omar stated that U.S. policies had, “helped lead the devastation in Venezuela” while not acknowledging the actions of socialist strongman Nicolas Maduro, who has led the once prosperous country to economic collapse and the brink of civil war. Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis discussed Congestion Pricing, Verrazzano Tolls and the MTA on Fox 5’s Good Day NY with Rosanna Scotto and Lori Stokes. Nicole Malliotakis, state assemblywoman and 2017 candidate for mayor of New York, is poised to carry the Republican and Conservative Party lines against freshman Democratic Rep. Max Rose. Fundraising success puts her on track to be GOP nominee and take back NY-11. Malliotakis surpassed all other Republican challengers and placed second on the list of all challengers from both political parties.  New York halts expanding tuition for children of fallen soldiers, approves $27 million for illegal immigrants; reaction from New York assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis. Nicole Malliotakis, the New York State Assemblywoman and candidate for New York’s 11th Congressional District will report raising an impressive $300,000 in her first quarter filing with the Federal Election Commission, due later this month.  The legislature has a fiduciary responsibility to taxpayers, and a moral one to our 1.1 million public school children to investigate and demand answers to questions about DOE’s spending practices before Mayoral Control is extended. Someone should remind him that a prerequisite of any run for higher office is, usually, success in your current job. It’s becoming abundantly clear that, after five years of the de Blasio administration’s progressive policies, the city is in trouble. Today, Congressman Max Rose voted to support the rights of illegal immigrants to vote in local municipal elections.  He also doubled down by speaking passionately against attempts made by 
Republicans to formally denounce illegal immigrant voting currently taking place in some municipalities. Yesterday, Congressman Max Rose voted with Nancy Pelosi, Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez and Ilhan Omar to override President Trump’s emergency declaration to secure our borders at the request of U.S. Customs and Border Protection so they can stop drug and human trafficking and the flood of unvetted individuals from entering our country unlawfully. Mayor de Blasio and Gov. Cuomo really are clueless; New Yorkers aren’t leaving our state because of the weather. New York’s income tax revenue didn’t drop because of Washington. Yesterday morning, Congressman Max Rose condemned Congresswoman Omar’s anti-Semitic remarks but by the end of the day he was back at putting his party loyalties ahead of doing what’s right, calling the ultra liberal Omar his “friend” with whom he “shares values” after she once again made vile anti-Semitic statements and attacked our NATION’S TRUE FRIEND AND ALLY Israel. As the daughter of immigrants from Greece and Castro’s Cuba, I appreciate that the United States has the most generous immigration policy in the world. But as Democratic President Obama said in 2014, “even as we are a nation of immigrants, we’re also a nation of laws.” In 2012, I stood on the Assembly floor and warned my colleagues that raising the MTA’s debt limit by $7 billion to $37 billion was unsustainable and would lead to toll and fare hikes and service cuts.Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post … 16 … STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare share share share share share share share share share share share share share share NICOLEMalliotakis and Tannousis Want Rioting, Looting Added to Bail Fixes Taking Effect This July | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis and Tannousis Want Rioting, Looting Added to Bail Fixes Taking Effect This JulyAssemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis and Assembly Candidate Michael Tannousis, who Malliotakis is supporting to succeed her in the State Assembly (64th A.D. Staten Island-Southern Brooklyn), have pledged to push for additional fixes to the dangerous bail law that took effect on April 1 after successfully advocating for changes that will take effect in July. Specifically, the two want Rioting, Arson, Assault, Burglary, Robbery, Grand Larceny, Criminal Mischief, Criminal Anarchy, Menacing and other felonies. Among the fixes that will take effect on July 1 are a large number of offenses that will be added to the list of “qualifying offenses” that are eligible for bail at a judge’s discretion: Come July, judges can also exercise their discretion to set bail where the offense charged is: Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis said, “This year, we achieved significant changes to the dangerous bail reform law put in place by Governor Cuomo and democrats in the State Legislature thanks to those who signed our petition, called their legislators and helped spread the word of the impact the law would have on public safety. “We restored judicial discretion for a number of serious crimes, we fixed the discovery process for our prosecutors and better protect witnesses, and we ensured that those who are given a second chance and commit another crime can be held. While I am proud of these fixes, we can’t stop there. The events of this week proved the need for further corrections. We have seen police cars put on fire, churches vandalized, the businesses of hardworking citizens destroyed, and police officers attacked.” “While many of my proposals were adopted in this first round of fixes, other have not yet been. I will be reintroducing legislation to add additional crimes so those who riot, commit arson, criminal anarchy and looting can be held at a judge’s discretion. It is shameful that those creating anarchy in the streets of our city are being arrested and released to create more mayhem before even their arresting officers’ shift ends. This is no way to run a city or a state. We need law and order restored,” she continued. Michael Tannousis, who is running to succeed Malliotakis and whom Malliotakis has endorsed in his race for the Assembly, pledged to continue carrying the bill and push for the proposed changed if elected. Assembly candidate Michael Tannousis said, “This issue is one of the reasons I decided to run to succeed Assemblywoman Malliotakis last year. As a prosecutor, I knew that policies like the so-called bail reforms would undermine our police and make our communities less safe, and that is exactly what happened.” “This legislation would start to add some common sense back into our bail laws and gives judges more options to keep dangerous criminals off our streets. Assemblywoman Malliotakis has always been at the forefront of this debate, and I am proud to stand with her in support of this bill.”by Team Nicole on
                                                        Jun 04, 2020Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Donald Trump Jr. Urges New Yorkers to Vote for Nicole Malliotakis Malliotakis: New York Politicians Have Encouraged Anarchy with their Rhetoric and Bad Policies NICOLEWatch: Malliotakis Discusses Acceleration of Vaccine Distribution, Repeats Calls to Reopen Economy | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressWatch: Malliotakis Discusses Acceleration of Vaccine Distribution, Repeats Calls to Reopen EconomyOn Newsmax, Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis discussed measures taken to accelerate vaccine distribution in NYC and reiterated her calks to reopen the local economy, particularly the restaurant industry that has been crippled by arbitrary restrictions.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Jan 12, 2021Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Malliotakis: The Best Stimulus Package Is The Reopening of Our Economy Watch: Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis Officially Sworn in to U.S. House of Representatives NICOLEMalliotakis: DOJ must probe Gov. Cuomo's handling of COVID nursing home crisis without interference | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis: DOJ must probe Gov. Cuomo’s handling of COVID nursing home crisis without interferenceRep. Nicole Malliotakis called for the Department of Justice to investigate Gov. Andrew Cuomo in order to provide “accountability” for what led to his administration’s directive to accept COVID positive patients into nursing homes.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Feb 04, 2021Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Malliotakis: Reopen Schools or Give Taxpayers Back Federal Funds Watch: COVID Vaccines for 9/11 Terrorist before Citizens Is Backwards NICOLEStatement by Congresswoman-Elect Malliotakis on the Supreme Court Decision On Houses of Worship | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressStatement by Congresswoman-Elect Malliotakis on the Supreme Court Decision On Houses of WorshipCongresswoman-elect Nicole Malliotakis said, “Last night’s Supreme Court decision is a victory for religious institutions, their congregations and all freedom-loving Americans. Governor Cuomo’s arbitrary restrictions not only infringed on our First Amendment rights but did not take into account building capacity or safety protocols put in place. It is fitting that the Court’s decision was made on the eve of Thanksgiving, a holiday founded by Pilgrims who settled in North America in search of religious freedom. New Yorkers and all Americans have one more thing to be thankful for today.”by Team Nicole on
                                                        Nov 26, 2020Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Watch: Congresswomen-Elect Nicole Malliotakis & Nancy Mace discuss Republican women record-breaking victories Watch: Nicole Malliotakis blasts Biden’s Immigration Plan on Tucker Carlson Tonight NICOLEUSNS Comfort is here to bring hope | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressUSNS Comfort is here to bring hopeby Team Nicole on
                                                        Mar 30, 2020                         
                     
                             
         
     
 		
		
		
		 
		 				 
											 

		             
         
	 
		 
			 

		 
	 
 
	 
		 
			 
 
 
 
 
 USNS Comfort is here to bring hope, support, care & comfort to the people of NYC – God Bless America!  ‬ 
 
 
 For more information on hospitals at sea.-Menu Menu COVID-19 Information NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Important Information Regarding NYS Unemployment Benefits Malliotakis Op-Ed: City Workers Need Protective Gear NOW NICOLEMalliotakis, Reilly unveil bill to limit governor's state of emergency powers over localities | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis, Reilly unveil bill to limit governor’s state of emergency powers over localitiesSTATEN ISLAND, N.Y. — Staten Island Republican Assemblymembers Nicole Malliotakis and Michael Reilly have introduced legislation with the state’s minority conference that would give county leaders more control over state-of-emergency declarations in their home counties, limiting the governor’s powers. During the coronavirus outbreak, Gov. Andrew Cuomo used the expanded legal authority of the state of emergency to issue the shutdown mandates that brought the state to a halt, and has most recently outlined stringent guidelines that the state’s economic regions must meet before they can start to reopen. Read the full article here –by Team Nicole on
                                                        May 28, 2020Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare CARES funding to assist Veterans in the community at risk of eviction Malliotakis Secures GOP’s Young Guns Designation NICOLEListen to the docs — resume elective surgery | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressListen to the docs — resume elective surgeryMay 24, 2020Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis Op-Ed NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byMalliotakis Secures GOP’s Young Guns Designation Nicole Malliotakis on coronavirus devastating nursing homes across US NICOLEMalliotakis Slams Biden for His Response to Ongoing Unrest in Cuba | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis Slams Biden for His Response to Ongoing Unrest in CubaCongresswoman Nicole Malliotakis, a Cuban-American woman herself, appeared on FOX News to discuss the civil unrest in Cuba and her issues with the way that the Biden administration is interacting with the Castro regime.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Jul 12, 2021Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Malliotakis: Afghanistan Withdrawal Debacle a Result of Biden’s Inept Leadership Malliotakis Blames Spike in Violent Crimes in New York on Democratic Policies NICOLEMalliotakis on Democrats' Dangerous Push to Pack the U.S. Supreme Court | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis on Democrats’ Dangerous Push to Pack the U.S. Supreme CourtOn Stephen Colbert’s show, AOC once again took a page out of the Hugo Chavez socialist playbook and called for packing the Supreme Court. Once again she is trying to turn the United States into Venezuela! We’re not going to let it happen!by Team Nicole on
                                                        Jun 30, 2022Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Malliotakis: Woke DA Bragg has it backwards; Bodega worker acted in self defense. Malliotakis on The Joe Piscopo Show to Talk NY Primary, Non-Citizen Voting Suit Victory NICOLEMalliotakis: Biden's Economic & Energy Policies are Hurting Americans | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis: Biden’s Economic & Energy Policies are Hurting AmericansCongresswoman Nicole Malliotakis appeared on Fox News to discuss the state of the economy and its effect on Americans.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Jul 10, 2022Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Malliotakis: Democrats’ Lawlessness At Border & In America’s Cities Jeopardize Americans’ Safety Nicole Malliotakis leads Max Rose by 15 points in NY congressional race NICOLEMalliotakis: Woke DA Bragg has it backwards; Bodega worker acted in self defense. | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis: Woke DA Bragg has it backwards; Bodega worker acted in self defense.In Alvin Bragg’s NY, violent career criminals roam free while law abiding citizens left to fend for themselves like Jose Alba get punished. Governor Kathy Hochul should FIRE Backwards Bragg!by Team Nicole on
                                                        Jul 09, 2022Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Malliotakis Raises Over $700,000 in 2nd Quarter War Chest Holds Nearly $2.6 Million for November’s Election Malliotakis on Democrats’ Dangerous Push to Pack the U.S. Supreme Court NICOLEMalliotakis: Biden's Policy Should Be to Produce American Oil Not Beg for Saudi Oil | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis: Biden’s Policy Should Be to Produce American Oil Not Beg for Saudi OilYou don’t need to travel 11,000 miles and fist bump the Saudis. You can visit oil and natural gas producing states right here in the USA!by Team Nicole on
                                                        Jul 16, 2022Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Watch: Rep. Malliotakis on 48th Anniversary of Turkey’s Invasion of Cyprus Malliotakis: Democrats’ Lawlessness At Border & In America’s Cities Jeopardize Americans’ Safety NICOLEOp-Ed: Cuomo and de Blasio can't have their cake and eat it, too | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressOp-Ed: Cuomo and de Blasio can’t have their cake and eat it, too                 The Democrats’ package is a jumbled mess less targeted towards COVID-relief and more so a mechanism for funding their ever-growing progressive wish list.. As a new Member of Congress, President Biden’s current $1.9 trillion COVID-19 relief package puts me in a quandary. While there are many components of the bill that I support, like providing aid to restaurants and small businesses that were mandated to close and providing assistance for the unemployed, and returning taxpayer money to citizens in the form of a “stimulus” check, it is in no way tailored to the specific needs of our nation or its struggling citizens. The Democrats’ package is a jumbled mess less targeted towards COVID-relief and more so a mechanism for funding their ever-growing progressive wish list. It is a massive spending bill that authorizes $1.9 trillion with little accountability, all as our nation approaches $30 trillion in debt and $1 trillion in funds remain unspent from previous relief packages. A Wall Street Journal analysis found that just $825 billion of the $1.9 trillion in spending are actual COVID-related expenditures. Some of the pork includes $1 billion in unrelated transportation projects including $100 million Speaker Pelosi included for an underground rail line extension of the Bay Area Ridge Transit System, $270 million for arts and humanities endowments, $750 million for global programs, and $50 million for family planning. These expenditures are neither COVID-related nor an emergency. What they are is another example of government thinking they know how to spend your money better than you do. Meanwhile, vaccine production and distribution, which is a top priority for getting our nation back on track, is less than 1%, showing just how bloated this bill is. It also contains repetitive or unnecessary spending. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimated it would cost $25 billion to reopen America’s schools safely. So far, Congress has allocated $68 billion, and now, Democrats want to spend $130 billion more. Only under a mismanaged government do things end up costing eight times more than originally estimated. To put it plainly, it is DC political spin to call this a pandemic relief bill. It’s more like one big blank check for the Biden Administration. Now it appears President Biden has changed the formula from previous bills and instead of giving states funding based on population, they are doling it out based on unemployment rates. This means Governor Cuomo, who oversees the state with the highest unemployment, will be rewarded for his business crushing restrictions and excessive shutdowns to the tune of $50 billion. But will struggling citizens and small businesses hanging onto a thread see any of it? They say the best stimulus is a reopened economy and the best relief is a steady paycheck. I agree, but I also understand the financial impact the last several months have placed on local budgets. Of course, as a New Yorker, I want my city and state to receive federal funds, but I also want accountability. New York City and State have a long history of misusing taxpayer money. Look no further than the increased homelessness and crime raging on our streets, or the disrepair of our roads and highways. Where did the billions that the mayor allocated for Thrive NYC or his Renewal Schools program really go? Why has New York State not fully reopened our schools despite taking $4 billion in federal aid to do so? The mayor and governor have imposed some of the highest taxes in the country on the working men and women of our state. These tax increases have triggered a mass exodus of taxpayers to states like Florida and Texas that have no personal income tax. According to the Empire Center for Public Policy, between 2010 and 2019, New York State lost upwards of 1.4 million residents to other states, and sadly, COVID-19 has only exacerbated this loss. And we all know that when high-income earners leave, it is the rest of us, the middle-class, who are left carrying the bag. Governor Cuomo has already threatened to increase personal income taxes, Mayor de Blasio almost certainly plans to increase the property tax levy and the MTA Board (controlled by both the mayor and the governor) just voted to increase tolls on its New York City bridges – including the Verrazzano Bridge – despite receiving $8 billion in federal aid thus far with billions more on the way. Last week I wrote to Mayor de Blasio and Governor Cuomo asking them for a commitment to not raise income taxes and the property tax levy if they receive federal aid and use a portion of the funds to stop the toll increases and provide relief to the small businesses they shut down. So far, my calls have gone unanswered, but I’ll keep pushing. The worst thing the governor and mayor could do is accept the federal aid and still move forward with their anticipated toll and tax increases. It would not only be double-dipping on the part of the city and state governments, but it would be a slap in the face to our middle-class families who are struggling to get by during this pandemic and can’t afford increases to their daily cost of living. Cuomo and de Blasio can’t have their cake and eat it too. But if everyone’s looking the other way, that may be what exactly what they do.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Feb 23, 2021Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byAs published in the  share Malliotakis: Cuomo, de Blasio must freeze taxes & tolls if they receive federal aid Freedom: A force to be reckoned with NICOLEA win-win: Delivering infrastructure while dealing a blow to Socialist Squad by Rep. Nicole Malliotakis | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressDelivering infrastructure while dealing a blow to Socialist Squad (opinion)Last Tuesday, Americans from one side of the country to the other, elected Republicans to state and local office, sending Joe Biden and the Democrats a message that we are not, and will never be, a socialist nation. Because this message was so clear, even Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats in Congress could not ignore it. Biden and Pelosi abandoned their scheme to tie a historic investment in our nation’s infrastructure, that was first proposed by President Trump five years ago, to their $3.5 trillion socialist reconciliation plan. As a result, New York City and the rest of our country will benefit from a desperately needed investment in our roads, bridges, ports, sewers, mass transit and coastal resiliency projects—including funding for Staten Island’s East Shore Sea Wall and the Brooklyn shoreline. Biden and his socialist supporters on Capitol Hill, like Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez and Bernie Sanders, have lost the political capital and leverage they need to raise taxes, have the IRS invade our privacy, expand the welfare state, provide taxpayer-funded benefits to illegal immigrants, and usher in the Green New Deal using the reconciliation process. That’s why AOC and her Socialist Squad voted against the bipartisan infrastructure bill. While our country will be better off for both passing the bipartisan infrastructure bill and thwarting the socialist wish list, a lack of information and fake news has clouded the discussion. First, I voted for the bipartisan infrastructure bill and that legislation only. I voted against a measure that would have advanced the socialists’ $3.5 trillion reconciliation plan and I will fight like hell to prevent that from ever becoming law. Equally frustrating is the misinformation surrounding the infrastructure bill I supported. Every single dollar in that legislation funds infrastructure improvements, with half a trillion over five years dedicated to repairing our nation’s deteriorating hard infrastructure and the balance to other infrastructure investments like broadband and public transit. Just like President Trump’s plan that I supported and pledged to pass when I was running for Congress, this will provide a minimum of $100 billion over five years that will benefit New Yorkers. From funding that could be used for expanded fast ferry service for Staten Island, upgrading NYC’s subway system’s pre-WWII signals and making improvements to the Staten Island Expressway to alleviate traffic congestion. With continuing delays in the construction of the East Shore Seawall, the infrastructure bill will provide the Army Corps of Engineers with the resources needed to complete this project once and for all. It will also modernize our sewer system to deal with the next Superstorm Sandy or Hurricane Ida. As a State Assemblywoman representing Staten Island during Sandy and our recovery, this has been a top priority for both me and those I’ve been privileged to serve for nearly a decade. From President Dwight Eisenhower to President Donald Trump, investing in America’s infrastructure has long been a fundamental priority of the Republican Party. In fact, Eisenhower’s Federal-Aid Highway Act and the Interstate Highway System it created reshaped our country and enabled the United States to win the Cold War. Three decades later, President Reagan renewed that commitment by reminding us that “the bridges and highways we fail to repair today will have to be rebuilt tomorrow at many times the cost.” And President Trump proposed spending $1 trillion to make America’s infrastructure “second to none” so we could remain the world’s largest economy. As your voice in the House of Representatives, I will never allow the United States to fall behind China. From the U.S. Chamber of Commerce to blue-collar union employees on Staten Island and in South Brooklyn, Americans support investing in our critical infrastructure to strengthen our economy, create good-paying new jobs and keep our homes and families safe. I am proud to have fulfilled my campaign promise to pass a comprehensive infrastructure investment that benefits my constituents in New York City and struck a major blow against Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, Bernie Sanders, and the socialists in Congress who have maneuvered for months to tie together the passage of the infrastructure bill and their $3.5 trillion socialist wish-list. As a freshman member of Congress, I have spent the last 10 months fighting for my constituents in Washington, D.C. While the bipartisan infrastructure bill has been five years in the making, it took one extraordinary election day and the unmistakable message it sent to those in power to get it done. This was a victory for the American people. Now, I look forward to working with my city and state colleagues, our new borough president, and local business and civic groups to collectively push for the projects we desperately need. Link to SILIVE – https://www.silive.com/news/2021/11/a-win-win-delivering-infrastructure-while-dealing-a-blow-to-socialist-squad.htmlby Team Nicole on
                                                        Nov 08, 2021Menu Menu A Win-Win NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare De Blasio responsible if harm arises from Vax mandates Malliotakis: Discussing de Blasio, First Responders, Open Borders and More on FOX NICOLEWatch: Rep. Malliotakis on 48th Anniversary of Turkey's Invasion of Cyprus | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressWatch: Rep. Malliotakis on 48th Anniversary of Turkey’s Invasion of CyprusAs we mark the 48th Anniversary of Turkey’s illegal invasion and occupation of Cyprus, our allies in the Mediterranean face new threats by Erdogan.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Jul 20, 2022Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Rep. Nicole Malliotakis Endorsed by the Uniformed Firefighters Association Malliotakis: Biden’s Policy Should Be to Produce American Oil Not Beg for Saudi Oil NICOLEMalliotakis Secures GOP's Young Guns Designation | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis Secures GOP’s Young Guns DesignationMay 27, 2020Menu Menu GOP Young Guns NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byMalliotakis, Reilly unveil bill to limit governor’s state of emergency powers over localities Listen to the docs — resume elective surgery NICOLEMalliotakis: Afghanistan Withdrawal Debacle a Result of Biden's Inept Leadership | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis: Afghanistan Withdrawal Debacle a Result of Biden’s Inept LeadershipIn July, President Biden said what happened this weekend in Afghanistan wouldn’t. @POTUS owes Congress and all Americans with answers as to what intelligence he based this on or did he ignore his military advisors and the intelligence community.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Aug 16, 2021Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Malliotakis Helps Family Evacuate Afghanistan Malliotakis Slams Biden for His Response to Ongoing Unrest in Cuba NICOLECARES funding to assist Veterans in the community at risk of eviction | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressCARES funding to assist Veterans in the community at risk of evictionIn response to COVID-19, the NYC SSVF grantees received additional CARES funding to assist Veterans in the community at risk of eviction, even with a moratorium in place. The eligibility criteria for SSVF prevention services have been relaxed during this time to assist as many households as possible. If you have any Veteran households you are working with that have rent arrears, we would welcome referrals for assistance. 
Veterans must still meet Veteran status and income eligibility for SSVF as outlined in the attached flyer.by Team Nicole on
                                                        May 28, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Watch: Malliotakis Speaks at Stand Up For Freedom Rally Malliotakis, Reilly unveil bill to limit governor’s state of emergency powers over localities NICOLEMalliotakis: Discussing de Blasio, First Responders, Open Borders and More on FOX | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis: Discussing de Blasio, First Responders, Open Borders and More on FOXCongresswoman Nicole Malliotakis made an appearance on FOX News to discuss the several of the issues that are facing New York City, including Mayor de Blasio, immigration, and more. During her appearance, the Congresswoman discussed how de Blasio’s vaccine mandates had resulted in several firehouses having to shutter their doors. Additionally, Malliotakis discussed the number of unaccompanied minor migrant children that are coming to New York City and entering the city’s already overcrowded classrooms. Furthermore, Malliotakis went on to talk about the influx of Fentanyl that is coming across the border, and the impact that that has had on our hospitals, especially during the height of the COVID epidemic.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Nov 01, 2021Menu Menu Crime NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare A win-win: Delivering infrastructure while dealing a blow to Socialist Squad by Rep. Nicole Malliotakis Nicole Criticizes Democrats for Not Prioritizing Infrastructure – FOX NICOLEWatch: Malliotakis Speaks at Stand Up For Freedom Rally | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressWatch: Malliotakis Speaks at Stand Up For Freedom Rally                 REOPEN SAFELY AND WITH PRECAUTION. Nicole Malliotakis spoke at the Stand Up For Freedom Rally. Even Staten Island, which has met every single metric set by Governor Cuomo to reopen, remains shut down. The business who opened and hosted the rally was forced to shut down, received a fine and the owner was warned that he could be taken to jail and have his license revoked if he continued to operate. We must begin to reopen now…. safely and with precaution. Every passing day creates more uncertainty for restaurants, bars, mom & pop shops and other small businesses struggling to survive. Business owners and employees who want to work to pay their bills and feed their families can’t. Everyday our country is looking more and more like a socialist country.by Team Nicole on
                                                        May 29, 2020Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byIf we don’t begin reopening NYC now, this city will find itself in a severe fiscal crisis that nobody who loves this city wants to see. share Malliotakis: New York Politicians Have Encouraged Anarchy with their Rhetoric and Bad Policies CARES funding to assist Veterans in the community at risk of eviction NICOLEMalliotakis, Reilly unveil bill to limit governor's state of emergency powers over localities | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis, Reilly unveil bill to limit governor’s state of emergency powers over localitiesMay 27, 2020Menu Menu Staten Island Advance NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byRepublican Nicole Malliotakis wins New York primary to challenge Max Rose Malliotakis Secures GOP’s Young Guns Designation NICOLEMalliotakis Helps Family Evacuate Afghanistan | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis Helps Family Evacuate AfghanistanNicole Mallitakis recently helped a family that was from Brooklyn, New York get out of Afghanistan and back into the United States. Over the course of the past week, the Taliban has taken control once again in Afghanistan following the exit of the United States military from the region, and in turn left many people stranded within the country searching for a way out. Malliotakis urged anybody who may be stranded or anybody who knows somebody who may be stranded to contact their representatives as they may be able to help expedite the process of getting them back into the United States.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Aug 24, 2021Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Varney: Malliotakis Helps Family Evacuate Afghanistan Malliotakis: Afghanistan Withdrawal Debacle a Result of Biden’s Inept Leadership NICOLEDe Blasio responsible if harm arises from Vax mandates | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressDe Blasio responsible if harm arises from Vax mandatesRep. Nicole Malliotakis (R-N.Y.) told One America News, she will hold New York City’s mayor personally responsible if anyone is injured due to the mass firing of firefighters amid the vaccine mandate.  ~One America’s John Hines.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Nov 09, 2021Menu Menu #NOMANDATES NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Rep. Malliotakis is Leading The Fight Against The $450M Payout to Illegal Immigrants. A win-win: Delivering infrastructure while dealing a blow to Socialist Squad by Rep. Nicole Malliotakis NICOLENicole Criticizes Democrats for Not Prioritizing Infrastructure – FOX | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressNicole Criticizes Democrats for Not Prioritizing Infrastructure – FOXCongresswoman Nicole Malliotakis made an appearance on FOX News to discuss the delay in passing a key infrastructure bill. This bill, which would provide billions of dollars in funding to help improve things such as roads and bridges, is mostly bipartisan in nature. However, as Malliotakis discusses, socialist members of the Democratic party are attempting to insert reckless policies, such as a Welfare Without Work program and major intrusions of privacy such as recording every bank transaction over $600. As Nicole says in the segment, “talk about Big Brother!” Watch Nicole’s Appearance on FOX Below:by Team Nicole on
                                                        Oct 05, 2021Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Malliotakis: Discussing de Blasio, First Responders, Open Borders and More on FOX Nicole Malliotakis Appears on FOX to Discuss a Key Infrastructure Bill and the Dangers of Democrats Caving to the Socialists NICOLERep. Malliotakis is Leading The Fight Against The $450M Payout to Illegal Immigrants. | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressRep. Malliotakis is Leading The Fight Against The $450M Payout to Illegal Immigrants.Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis recently made an appearance on Good Day New York, during which the topics of government spending were discussed. Malliotakis emphasized her staunch stance against the $450 million payout that President Biden plans to give to illegal immigrants, and has vowed to combat it from happening. The Congresswoman noted that such a payout would be disrespectful to the American people, as well as to the immigrants who came to this country legally. Malliotakis then goes on to point out how absurd it is for the President to want to reward people who “broke our laws.”by Team Nicole on
                                                        Nov 09, 2021Menu Menu Featured NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis Helps to Secure $2.3 Million for RUMC’s Head Start Program De Blasio responsible if harm arises from Vax mandates NICOLEVarney: Malliotakis Helps Family Evacuate Afghanistan | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressVarney: Malliotakis Helps Family Evacuate Afghanistanby Team Nicole on
                                                        Aug 25, 2021Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Malliotakis on FOX: NYC Needs to Focus on Funding Infrastructure in the Wake of Hurricane Ida Malliotakis Helps Family Evacuate Afghanistan NICOLENicole Malliotakis Appears on FOX to Discuss a Key Infrastructure Bill and the Dangers of Democrats Caving to the Socialists | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressNicole Malliotakis Appears on FOX to Discuss a Key Infrastructure Bill and the Dangers of Democrats Caving to the SocialistsIn a recent appearance on FOX News, Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis discusses the delay that took place in voting on a very important, billion dollar infrastructure bill. While this bill is bipartisan in nature, vocal Socialist members of the Democratic party are holding up the voting process by trying to get harmful policies, such as welfare without work, added on to the bill. Malliotakis emphasizes that not a single Republican would be able to support the bill with these add-ons, and that further delaying its passing is holding up money that should be going to improving roads and bridges for citizens. Congresswoman Malliotakis also pointed out that caving to the interests of these socialists could be extremely dangerous for the Democratic party moving forward. See Congresswoman Malliotakis’ whole appearance on FOX below:by Team Nicole on
                                                        Oct 04, 2021Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Nicole Criticizes Democrats for Not Prioritizing Infrastructure – FOX Nicole Malliotakis Weighs-In on Vaccine Mandates – News 12 The Bronx NICOLERepublican Nicole Malliotakis wins New York primary to challenge Max Rose | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressRepublican Nicole Malliotakis wins New York primary to challenge Max RoseJul 01, 2020Menu Menu The Hill NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byMalliotakis organizes Goya food drive following boycott calls Malliotakis, Reilly unveil bill to limit governor’s state of emergency powers over localities NICOLEMalliotakis on FOX: NYC Needs to Focus on Funding Infrastructure in the Wake of Hurricane Ida | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis on FOX: NYC Needs to Focus on Funding Infrastructure in the Wake of Hurricane IdaLast week, New York City was hit hard by the unexpected power of Hurricane Ida. For New Yorkers, the devastation that Hurricane Sandy left in its wake is still fresh, and the flash flooding of Hurricane Ida was a reminder of how impactful this weather can be. However, it seems as if New York City did not learn the essential lessons the Sandy should have taught us. In its wake, Hurricane Ida left flash flooding and failed drainage systems, which some communities are still dealing with the after affects of. Subways were underwater and many New Yorkers had no safe way to return to their homes. On FOX, Nicole Malliotakis discussed how important it is for New York City to be investing money into the city’s infrastructure. During her time on the air, Malliotakis called out that the city was spending money on things such as a stipend to discourage criminals from reoffending, while ignoring real structural issues that negatively impact NYC residents from all walks of life. See the full clip below:by Team Nicole on
                                                        Sep 07, 2021Menu Menu Featured NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Malliotakis Appears on FOX to Discuss the Hypocrisy of Socialism, AOC, and the Issues at the Border Varney: Malliotakis Helps Family Evacuate Afghanistan NICOLEMalliotakis organizes Goya food drive following boycott calls | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis organizes Goya food drive following boycott callsJul 11, 2020Menu Menu Staten Island Advance NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byMalliotakis & Tannousis Slam Turkish President Erdogan’s Decision on Hagia Sophia Republican Nicole Malliotakis wins New York primary to challenge Max Rose NICOLENicole Malliotakis Weighs-In on Vaccine Mandates – News 12 The Bronx | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressNicole Malliotakis Weighs-In on Vaccine Mandates – News 12 The BronxCongresswoman Nicole Malliotakis recently made an appearance on News 12 The Bronx’s “Power and Politics” segment to give her thoughts on vaccine mandates. During her time on the show, Malliotakis revealed that she herself is vaccinated, and she has been doing her part to get as many of her constituents access to the vaccine as possible, even helping to to open pup-up vaccination clinics. She emphasized that it is the responsibility of lawmakers to give citizens as much information regarding the vaccine as possible and providing them with an opportunity to receive the vaccine should they choose to do so. However, Malliotakis ultimately came down against the idea of vaccine mandates, claiming that these decisions should be made between a person and their doctor, and that a blanket vaccine mandate would not be conducive for people with auto-immune diseases or with natural antibodies to whom receiving the vaccine is not a an option or necessity. She also went on to highlight the unfair treatment that certain businesses, namely restaurants, have faced in regards to restrictions and mandates that other businesses have not had to deal with under Mayor de Blasio.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Sep 26, 2021Menu Menu COVID-19 Information NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Nicole Malliotakis Appears on FOX to Discuss a Key Infrastructure Bill and the Dangers of Democrats Caving to the Socialists Malliotakis Appears on FOX to Discuss the Hypocrisy of Socialism, AOC, and the Issues at the Border NICOLEMalliotakis Appears on FOX to Discuss the Hypocrisy of Socialism, AOC, and the Issues at the Border | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis Appears on FOX to Discuss the Hypocrisy of Socialism, AOC, and the Issues at the BorderRecently, Nicole Malliotakis made and appearance on FOX News to discuss some of the pressing topics and issues that are facing our country. During her time on the air, Nicole touched on the issues with migrants at the border attempting to enter the country illegally and the lack of action being take by both President Biden and Vice President Harris. As the daughter of immigrants herself, Malliotakis has been passionate about legal immigration, and has helped 29 people become legal citizens during her time in office. Additionally, Malliotakis touched on the hypocrisy of socialism, and in particular the hypocrisy of AOC, who despite claiming to be anti-wealth was in attendance at the MET Gala, one of the most prestigious and expensive parties of the year. See come clips of her appearance on FOX below:by Team Nicole on
                                                        Sep 20, 2021Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Nicole Malliotakis Weighs-In on Vaccine Mandates – News 12 The Bronx Malliotakis on FOX: NYC Needs to Focus on Funding Infrastructure in the Wake of Hurricane Ida NICOLEMalliotakis & Tannousis Slam Turkish President Erdogan's Decision on Hagia Sophia | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis & Tannousis Slam Turkish President Erdogan’s Decision on Hagia SophiaJul 13, 2020Menu Menu The National Herald NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byRestaurants befuddled by blitz visits from government agencies Malliotakis organizes Goya food drive following boycott calls NICOLEOp-Ed: How Congress can curb dangerous bail reform laws | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressOp-Ed: How Congress can curb dangerous bail reform lawsBY REPS. JOHN KATKO AND NICOLE MALLIOTAKIS In 2020, New York state rolled out new criminal justice reform laws that eliminated cash bail and expanded pretrial release for several misdemeanor and felony charges. Since that time, thousands of violent criminal defendants have been released back on to our streets, free to wreak havoc in our communities. With public safety in New York deteriorating by the day, enough is enough. Last year, House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-CA) appointed us to the American Security Task Force. This working group was tasked with formulating a legislative plan to restore public safety. Republicans are ready to implement this strategy when we retake the House in 2022. As New Yorkers, we have seen firsthand the tremendous failures of bail reform. Most recently, New York’s bail reform law allowed a man with more than 24 arrests — including armed robbery, drunk driving, and various gun charges — to be released while awaiting trial. He went on to open fire at a crowded Brooklyn intersection, sending crowds of people fleeing for safety. A central element of our plan is to curb these dangerous laws nationwide. Inspired by listening sessions we’ve held with the New York City Police Department and law enforcement agencies from across the state, we developed and introduced a bill that would bolster public safety and give prosecutors the tools they need to hold violent repeat offenders accountable. Our bill, the SERVE Our Communities Act, would provide new federal funding to states for programs that help struggling individuals avoid incarceration. For a state to be eligible, it must first take sensible steps to expand police hiring, combat anti-police sentiment, or, critically for New York state, enact a “dangerousness standard” that would allow judges to consider a defendant’s danger to the community when making bail or pretrial release decisions. Without such a standard, judges are limited in their ability to consider the risk an individual poses to public safety when making bail or pretrial release decisions, and by extension, prosecutors are limited in their ability to make this argument in court. This bill has received overwhelming support from the law enforcement community. We can and should take sensible steps to improve our criminal justice system while simultaneously investing in our police and preventing repeat violence. Despite overwhelming evidence that proposals such as ours are badly needed, Democrats in Albany have failed to address the pitfalls of bail reform adequately while the far Left in Washington wants to go even further to weaken public safety. By now, we are all familiar with the misguided “defund the police” movement, which House Republicans have staunchly opposed. However, less known is a proposal called the No Money Bail Act, a measure written by Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT) that would build off of New York state’s bail reform laws and completely eliminate the use of cash bail nationwide. Originally introduced in 2016, this proposal has been reintroduced in every subsequent session of Congress and even attracted the support of Vice President Kamala Harris. When it comes to keeping our families and communities safe, we can’t afford to go backward. We must prevent these radical policies from reaching our communities. Republicans are committed to restoring public safety. When we retake the House this year, we will come prepared with a clear-eyed legislative plan to curb dangerous bail reform laws and make New York state and our country a safer place for our families. John Katko represents New York’s 24th Congressional District. Nicole Malliotakis represents New York’s 11th Congressional District.by Team Nicole on
                                                        May 27, 2022Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Forbes: Malliotakis Torches VP Kamala Harris Over Border Statement by Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis on Court Approval of NYS Congressional Maps NICOLEAs We Celebrate Independence Day, The Left Seeks to Erase our History | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressAs We Celebrate Independence Day, The Left Seeks to Erase our HistoryThe 4th of July has always been special to me and freedom-loving Americans. This year, many of us face the holiday with trepidation as we reflect on the recent upheaval and unrest that has gripped our nation. We have witnessed the statues of historical figures and presidents toppled from their pedestals by self-righteous mobs intent on sanitizing our country of its history. Their actions are reminiscent of Mao’s Red Guards, who terrorized China during its cultural revolution a half-century ago. As we celebrate the nation’s 244th birthday we need to put into perspective the failings of historical figures with their positive attributes and the legacy they left behind. I write this from the perspective of a first-generation American who reveres our founding fathers for their legacy; the democracy they created through the words they enshrined in the Declaration of Independence, the Constitution, and the Bill of Rights. Those words created a nation that changed the course of history and continues to represent freedom the world over. It was those words and that freedom that welcomed my parents when they came to the U.S with nothing, from countries 6,000 miles apart, with no common bond except the shared immigrant experience, a limited English vocabulary, and a desire to work hard and live the American Dream. My parents may have been born in other countries—my father, who is from Greece, and my mother, a Cuban refugee, are two of the most patriotic people I know because they know what it’s like elsewhere. They instilled in me a love and belief in this nation and all that it offers. Now, Mayor de Blasio, at the urging of the New York City Council, has set in motion a so-called, Commission on Racial Justice and Reconciliation to consider the fate of statues of George Washington and Thomas Jefferson that currently sit in City Hall. In a now-familiar move to New Yorkers, de Blasio has appointed his wife as Chair of the commission, a move that rankled even some Democrat members of the City Council. George Washington’s military career and his presidency are closely linked to what is now New York City. In August of 1776, Washington commanded his fledging Continental Army during the Battle of Brooklyn, a major defeat that forced him to retreat, under the cover of darkness, across the East River to Manhattan. Subsequent defeats would drive Washington and his troops off the island and North to Westchester by mid-November, 1776. Seven years later, in 1783, General Washington would triumphantly return to Manhattan as the last of the defeated British troops sailed from New York Harbor. On April 30th, 1789, Washington would pray at St. Paul’s Chapel, which sits a short walk from today’s City Hall, before taking the oath of office as the first President of the United States at Federal Hall at Wall and Broad Streets. For the first 17 months of his presidency, Washington would lead the nation from New York City. Washington’s Secretary of State Thomas Jefferson joined him in Manhattan in the spring of 1789, renting a house at 57 Maiden Lane. It was there he negotiated what became known as the Compromise of 1790 between himself, Alexander Hamilton, and James Madison on issues that Congress had been unable to resolve. The historical link of Washington and Jefferson to New York is real, but more importantly, the fact that their actions, words, and deeds fomented a revolution and laid the foundation for the building of a nation that would become the envy of the world. It was after all Washington, Jefferson, Hamilton, Adams and the rest of our founding fathers enshrined the rights that allow peaceful demonstrators to assemble in our streets and open debate in our legislative bodies. They created the framework of our laws and the guarantees of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. They unleashed the greatest experiment in democracy the world has ever seen. Our nation has evolved, and over time, has worked to right past wrongs. Neither, the founding fathers nor the nation they created are perfect. They had their faults; that too is proven by history. So, let them be judged by history and the legacy they left behind. This first-generation American will be eternally grateful for their actions and the nation they created; it welcomed my parents, gave them freedom, and the opportunity they prayed for, and in just one generation, their daughter is a state representative and candidate for the United States Congress. This 4th of July, as voices call for the toppling of his statue and others, this American reflects on the words Washington wrote in January of 1790, just months before his inauguration as president,  “That the government, though not absolutely perfect, is one of the best in the world, I have little doubt.” Those words ring as true today as they were 230 years ago and in my book, that’s reason enough to continue to honor the memory of those who created it by preserving their statues in New York’s City Hall.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Jul 04, 2020Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byAs published on  share Malliotakis Slams AOC’s Boycott of Goya Foods Launches Drive to Buy Goya Canned Foods for Needy Op-Ed: Fixes to Dangerous Bail Law a Step in the Right Direction NICOLEPress Releases | Nicole Malliotakis for Congress - Part 15Press ReleasesPosts navigation“It’s time to ratify a trade deal that will benefit our nation & New York State” Nicole Malliotakis discussed Governor Cuomo’s radical bail reform law with John Catsimatidis, Dominic Carter and Kevin McCullough on the Cats at Night radio show on AM970. Assemblywoman Malliotakis and former Assistant District Attorney Michael Tannousis highlighted the recent uptick in crime and speak-out against the new Criminal Justice and Bail Reform laws that are set to take effect on New Year’s Day. Last night, Nicole appeared on Tucker Carlson’s show to talk about New York’s radical bail “reform” law that takes effect on January 1st. Friday night’s anti-police demonstrations in downtown Brooklyn are just the latest example of New York City’s return to the bad old days. Max Rose’s support of the impeachment resolution is another slap in the face for those who elected him to Congress. Once again, political correctness and a far left bias have crept into a process that should be focused on historical standing and accomplishments. Just one day after finding out he had a challenger in the Democrat primary, Congressman Max Rose caved. Instead of raising standards and encouraging student achievement, Bill de Blasio is using our schools to advance his radical, socialist agenda.  Nicole discussed how, under one party rule, New York State Democrats spent the year putting illegal immigrants before the citizens who elected them. Americans don’t build concentration camps; they liberate them! Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis said, “On Tuesday, Representative Max Rose said he was “proud” to have joined with Nancy Pelosi, Alexandria Ocasio Cortez, Illhan Omar and others and vote for H.R. 6; a bill that will grant amnesty to an estimated 2.5 million undocumented immigrants. Assemblywoman Malliotakis called on Rep. Max Rose to declare where he stands on legislation that will condemn the anti-Semitic Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions (BDS) movement against Israel. Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis said, “As Mayor Bill de Blasio enters the Democrat’s race for President, I wish him luck; he’ll need it. On the campaign trail in Iowa, I hope he’ll be truthful and tell the voters of the Hawkeye State that New York City has a homeless population equal to that of Iowa City and no solution in sight.” Nicole Malliotakis was endorsed today by Rep. Peter King (NY-2) a 14 term veteran of the House of Representatives and the well respected dean of the New York’s Republican Congressional delegation.Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post … 15 … STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare share share share share share share share share share share share share share share NICOLEFreedom: A force to be reckoned with | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressFreedom: A force to be reckoned with                 We didn’t seek the “Freedom Force” mantle, but we’re ready to take it up. While the 2018 elections resulted in the formation of the socialist “squad,” the 2020 elections will undoubtedly be remembered as the moment that voters sent a strong response to Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, Ilhan Omar and the rest: that socialism in any form is a political ideology unacceptable to the American people. Last cycle, Americans voted to send a new brand of Republican to Washington. Some of us know the oppression of socialism from living it, while some of us know it from our parents and families. But all of us know the promise of liberty that drew us to America. Somewhere between our elections and taking our oath of office, folks started calling us the “Freedom Force.” It’s a title we did not ask for — but we’re ready to take up the mantle. Rep. Carlos Gimenez was born in Cuba, coming to the United States with his family when he was 6 years old. The families of both Reps. Nicole Malliotakis and María Elvira Salazar fled Cuba in search of better lives and greater economic opportunity. Rep. Victoria Spartz was born in Ukraine under Soviet rule and emigrated to America solo at the age of 21. We’ve all seen the destruction caused by socialism. That’s why Americans elected us to uphold the freedom we love and to fight against the socialism that threatens it. Curious how this poisonous ideology introduces itself? Take a look at the $93 trillion Green New Deal. When the deal was first announced, it was viewed as a pipe dream. Less than two years later, the deal has 93 House co-sponsors. House Democrats’ HR 1 would demand public financing of political campaigns, costing American taxpayers billions of dollars and forcing the public to donate to candidates they may or may not support. And this comes on top of their push to pack the courts. Make no mistake, if passed, these measures and others will allow government control over private businesses and extend the government’s reach further into Americans’ wallets. Last month, the San Francisco school board voted to rename 44 schools — including some named after George Washington, Abraham Lincoln and, yes, even Paul Revere — a controversial decision drawing criticism from both sides of the aisle. It’s ironic though that the Founding Fathers, former presidents and historical figures the left attempts to cancel by changing school names and tearing down statues are the very figures who gave them their First Amendment rights. If the squad’s socialist policies came to pass in the United States, they wouldn’t have the freedom to protest anything, let alone change school names. And in New York City, socialists have their eyes set on capturing six more seats on the already left-leaning City Council — an achievement that would give them control over the city’s massive $92 billion budget. The City Council has already turned over the streets of New York to career criminals, slashed the NYPD’s budget by $1 billion, stripped citizens’ Second Amendment rights and property rights, and exerted more control over businesses. Are these the policies the squad wishes to unveil at the federal level? It is the Marxist way to incrementally change policy to the point where full-blown socialist rule is palpable. Now that these self-proclaimed socialists have won at the ballot box, they are slowly and surely chipping away at our fundamental rights. Something must be done before these seemingly small changes create a country that is far from the ideals of our Founding Fathers and closer to the writings of Karl Marx. With the recent acts of censorship by Big Tech companies against conservative voices, our country is spiraling toward socialism faster than we may think. Socialism is a losing bet. It kills free enterprise and free markets. It seizes private property and destroys dreams. Most importantly, it punishes its own people and forces them to flee the land of their birth in search of freedom. We will counter the sugarcoated versions of socialism with the real facts. We will talk about our relatives still living in Cuba who struggle to get by, asking us to send them basic necessities like rice, beans, soap and aspirin. We will point to how Venezuela went from the wealthiest nation in South America to the poorest. We will remind Americans of the Iron Curtain that divided Europe for over four decades and the Iron Fist now imposed on the freedom-loving people of Hong Kong. We will take our message to the floor of the House. We will debate our socialist colleagues in the Capitol and in our communities until every ear in America hears our voice. We believe freedom and democracy will prevail, and we will not stop until the rights and freedoms we love are secure.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Feb 11, 2021Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byBy Rep. Nicole Malliotakis, Rep. Carlos Gimenez, Rep. María Elvira Salazar, and Rep. Victoria Spartz. As published on  share Op-Ed: Cuomo and de Blasio can’t have their cake and eat it, too Malliotakis: Reopen Schools or Give Taxpayers Back Federal Funds NICOLEMalliotakis: Democrats' Lawlessness At Border & In America's Cities Jeopardize Americans' Safety | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis: Democrats’ Lawlessness At Border & In America’s Cities Jeopardize Americans’ SafetyMalliotakis discusses the Jose Alba case, Woke D.A. Bragg, Gov. Kathy Hochul’s refusal to fix bail reform and Biden’s open border policy.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Jul 13, 2022Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Malliotakis: Biden’s Policy Should Be to Produce American Oil Not Beg for Saudi Oil Malliotakis: Biden’s Economic & Energy Policies are Hurting Americans NICOLEMalliotakis: NY Crime Will Soar Until We Elect Law & Order Prosecutors, Judges & Legislators | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis: NY Crime Will Soar Until We Elect Law & Order Prosecutors, Judges & LegislatorsCongresswoman Nicole Malliotakis appeared on Fox & Friends to discuss rising crime in New York.by Team Nicole on
                                                        May 19, 2022Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Statement by Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis on Court Approval of NYS Congressional Maps Malliotakis: Biden Administration Dragging Their Feet Led to Baby Formula Shortage NICOLEMalliotakis Pushes to Resume Dentistry, Elective Surgeries and Preventive Procedures Across State | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis Pushes to Resume Dentistry, Elective Surgeries and Preventive Procedures Across StateThe American Dental Association (ADA), working with NYSDA, has a plan to reopen dental offices for all dental services. The plan, which has been shared with the New York State Department of Health, is both comprehensive and a thoughtful guide that can be tailored for many other businesses. We can’t lose sight of the fact that this profession has always maintained the highest level and use of PPE protection. No other medical practice has such stringent guidelines. These organizations have been successfully dealing with many pandemics and outbreaks, including the AIDS crisis, so we can be assured that their efforts to return to work will be both a smooth and positive one that prioritizes the health and safety of their patients, staff and themselves. Malliotakis wrote to the governor individually and along with her colleagues in the Assembly Minority Conference urging him to open dentist offices. She has also been making a push to resume elective surgeries and preventive procedures throughout ALL 62 counties after hearing from constituents who have had their hip replacement surgery, glaucoma surgery, mastectomy and other necessary procedures put on hold and delayed for months. Malliotakis has consulted with members of the local Medical Society who have also indicated that procedures such as endoscopies, colonoscopies, joint injections, cystoscopies, biopsies, and gynecological office procedures can resume safely in an office setting, yet they are still prohibited.  These procedures are important to determine whether a patient has a more serious condition that needs to be addressed in a timely manner. Elective surgeries and procedures are only allowed in 49 of New York’s 62 counties.by Team Nicole on
                                                        May 19, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Watch: Malliotakis on Coronavirus Devastating Nursing Homes w/ Dana Perino Malliotakis delivers POW-MIA and American Flags to Brooklyn Nursing Home NICOLEMalliotakis: Biden Administration Dragging Their Feet Led to Baby Formula Shortage | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis: Biden Administration Dragging Their Feet Led to Baby Formula ShortageCongresswoman Nicole Malliotakis calls out the Biden Administration on their response to the baby formula shortage.by Team Nicole on
                                                        May 17, 2022Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Malliotakis: NY Crime Will Soar Until We Elect Law & Order Prosecutors, Judges & Legislators Malliotakis: We Are Fed Up With Democrats’ Rising Costs, Crime, Illegal Migration NICOLEMalliotakis: Reopen Schools or Give Taxpayers Back Federal Funds | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis: Reopen Schools or Give Taxpayers Back Federal FundsOur push to reopen schools and resume school athletics continues. States are taking federal funds to support reopening them safely but aren’t. Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis discusses on Fox News.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Feb 06, 2021Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Freedom: A force to be reckoned with Malliotakis: DOJ must probe Gov. Cuomo’s handling of COVID nursing home crisis without interference NICOLENicole Malliotakis leads Max Rose by 15 points in NY congressional race | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressNicole Malliotakis leads Max Rose by 15 points in NY congressional race                 Malliotakis holds a comfortable 15 percentage point lead in a likely rematch with Democratic ex-Congressman Max Rose. The swing 11th Congressional District occupied by Republican Rep. Nicole Malliotakis is trending red and a Democratic challenger will only be hurt by an endorsement from President Biden, according to a new internal GOP poll. Malliotakis holds a comfortable 15 percentage point lead in a likely rematch with Democratic ex-Congressman Max Rose in the district that takes in Staten Island and southern Brooklyn, the survey, paid for by the National Republican Congressional Committee and the Malliotakis campaign, claims.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Jul 09, 2022Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byAs published in the  share Malliotakis: Biden’s Economic & Energy Policies are Hurting Americans Malliotakis Raises Over $700,000 in 2nd Quarter War Chest Holds Nearly $2.6 Million for November’s Election NICOLEMalliotakis Calls-Out Max Rose On New York's Green Light Law | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis Calls-Out Max Rose On New York’s Green Light Law                 “His silence as a member of the Homeland Security Committee is putting the safety of all New Yorkers at risk.”Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis, the Republican and Conservative Party candidate in New York’s hotly contested 11th Congressional District, today called out Rep. Max Rose on New York State’s new Green Light Law which took effect on New Year’s Day. The law, which permits illegal immigrants to apply for New York State driver licenses, also restricts background information from being released to federal and state law enforcement agencies regarding the individual without a court order or a warrant and requires the Department of Motor Vehicles to notify the license holder within 3 days that a request from a law enforcement agency has been received. Rep. Rose a member of the House Homeland Security Committee has remained silent on the legislation, unlike Republican colleagues from the New York State delegation who wrote a letter to the U.S. Department of Justice voicing their concerns; a matter that the DOJ is now investigating. Malliotakis, referring to Rep. Rose’s inaction said, “Max Rose’s silence is deafening and that silence is putting the lives and well-being of all New Yorkers at risk.” The Green Light Law permits an estimated 260,000 illegal immigrants residing in New York State to apply, without risk, for a driver’s license, knowing that the state Department of Motor Vehicles must notify the license holder of a law enforcement inquiry. Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis said, “New Yorkers should be concerned that Congressman Max Rose, a member of the Homeland Security Committee, has remained silent while New York’s Green Light Law has taken effect. It is bizarre enough that Governor Cuomo would sign into law a measure that would provide legal documents to individuals who are in our state and nation illegally. But it is even more disturbing that a Congressman, who sits on the Homeland Security Committee, would remain silent as this law was put into effect. Max Rose’s silence is deafening and that silence is putting the lives and well-being of all New Yorkers at risk. “The ill-conceived Green Light Law may be praised by Alexandria Ocasio Cortez and her radical left-wing allies but, the fact of the matter is, it defies established federal laws and, by doing so, assails the rule of law that has governed our nation since its founding. More importantly, under this new law, many applicants will be issued licenses after submitting expired documents from their homeland; documents which county clerks and the state DMV simply don’t have the means or manpower to verify as real. “In its report, the 9/11 Commission specifically cautioned against issuing any form of legitimate identification to individuals who submitted expired foreign documents as proof of identification. Obviously, Max Rose chooses to ignore the 9/11 Commission’s warning despite being appointed by Nancy Pelosi as member of the House Homeland Security Committee and Chair of its subcommittee on Intelligence and Counter-terrorism. “In addition, the Green Light Law defies common sense by requiring notification of the license holder that a law enforcement agency has made an information request. In reality, this requirement will merely allow a possible terrorist or criminal a head-start when they go into hiding to avoid contact with law enforcement. The fact that Max Rose, a member of the Homeland Security Committee, would not vocally object to this ridiculous requirement makes one wonder if he truly understands the constant threat New York and the nation still face nearly 19 years after the attacks of 9/11. Whether it’s the Green Light Law, Bail Reform or New York City’s Sanctuary City policies, Max Rose seems incapable of speaking-up and taking-on his colleagues in the Democrat Party. “It’s time for Max Rose to stand-up, using the bully pulpit of his office and his position on the House Homeland Security Committee, to join me in insisting that Governor Cuomo and his fellow Democrats in the New York State Legislature take immediate steps to address this misguided and dangerous legislation.”by Team Nicole on
                                                        Jan 27, 2020Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare NYC Council Minority Leader Steve Matteo Backs Nicole Malliotakis for Congress Malliotakis: Radical Left Wreaks Havoc on New York’s Criminal Justice System NICOLECoronavirus (COVID-19) Information Center | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressCOVID-19 INFORMATION CENTER                 
                                             
                                        COVID-19 INFORMATION CENTER                 
                                             
                                        Drive Thru Testing Center                 
                                             
                                        Drive Thru Testing CenterResources ResourcesCongresswoman Nicole Malliotakis recently made an appearance on News 12 The Bronx’s “Power and Politics” segment to give her thoughts on vaccine mandates. During her time on the show, Malliotakis revealed that she herself is vaccinated, and she has been doing her part to get as many of her constituents access to the vaccine as […] In response to COVID-19, the NYC SSVF grantees received additional CARES funding to assist Veterans in the community at risk of eviction, even with a moratorium in place. The eligibility criteria for SSVF prevention services have been relaxed during this time to assist as many households as possible. If you have any Veteran households you […] Since elective surgeries where banned in mid-March, thousands of New Yorkers have learned through suffering, pain and worry, that just because a medical procedure is deemed “elective” does not mean that it isn’t a medical necessity for the patient in question. Nicole Malliotakis joined 'The Daily Briefing' on Fox News to discuss the devastating effect of Governor Cuomo’s Executive Order on nursing homes. Malliotakis wrote to the governor individually and along with her colleagues in the Assembly Minority Conference urging him to open dentist offices. She has also been making a push to resume elective surgeries and preventive procedures throughout ALL 62 counties. The flag at St. Nicholas Home was a few years old and torn. Yesterday, Assemblywoman Malliotakis presented the home with not only an American Flag, but a POW/MIA flag just in time for Memorial Day.  The gowns are being produced by a New York City based garment manufacturing company, Top Notch Pattern, Inc., which is under contract with the City of New York, thanks to the assistance of Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis. It’s time to get ALL of the New York’s construction and home improvement industries back to work, taking thousands upon thousands of New Yorkers off the unemployment rolls in every region of the state. Governor Cuomo has now extended the PAUSE until  , completely shutting down our region for another month. I disagree with this decision. Delco Drugs has been approved to serve as Staten Island’s first independent pharmacy to provide curbside testing for COVID-19, owner Rob Annicharico announced today with Assembly members Nicole Malliotakis and Michael Reilly. On Neil Cavuto’s Coast to Coast, Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis discusses the need for consistency and common sense as New York looks to reopen. New York City will begin offering free antibody tests in each of the five boroughs. The 5 sites: Bronx: Morrisania- 4006 Third Avenue; Brooklyn: East NY- 127 Pennsylvania Avenue; Manhattan: Upper Manhattan- 21 Old Broadway; Staten Island: Grasmere- St. John’s Villa, 57 Cleveland Place; Queens: Long Island City- 34-09 Queens Boulevard With Mother’s Day, Father’s Day and Memorial Day quickly approaching, Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis has been reaching out to local cemeteries in an effort to get them to reopen their gates to visitors. As part of a special partnership with New York State, Headspace has put together a special FREE NY collection of meditation, sleep, and movement exercises to support you through stressful and challenging times. As part of a special partnership with New York State, Headspace has put together a special FREE NY collection of meditation, sleep, and movement exercises to support you through stressful and challenging times. Yesterday, President Trump signed an Executive Order to preserve the safety of our Nation’s food supply chain. This order directs the Department of Agriculture to ensure America’s meat and poultry processors continue both safe and uninterrupted operations to the maximum extent possible Governor Cuomo said President Trump “has delivered for New York” and he has. Whatever our state asked him for, we received. Here are the facts: Reminder: The Small Business Administration has resumed accepting PPP loan applications today. We encourage those seeking assistance to file your application as soon as possible.Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis 1 … powered byJune 13Fact Sheet: Taking Precautions at Home | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressFact Sheet: Taking Precautions at HomeTaking Precautions at HomeCaring for someone at homeMost people who get sick with COVID-19 will have only mild illness and should recover at home.* Care at home can help stop the spread of COVID-19 and help protect people who are at risk for getting seriously ill from COVID-19. Current evidence suggests that SARS-CoV-2 may remain viable for hours to days on surfaces made from a variety of materials. Cleaning of visibly dirty surfaces followed by disinfection is a best practice measure for prevention of COVID-19 and other viral respiratory illnesses in households and community settings. It is unknown how long the air inside a room occupied by someone with confirmed COVID-19 remains potentially infectious. Facilities will need to consider factors such as the size of the room and the ventilation system design 
(including flowrate [air changes per hour] and location of supply and exhaust vents) when deciding how long to close off rooms or areas used by ill persons before beginning disinfection. Taking measures to improve ventilation in an area or room where someone was ill or suspected to be ill with COVID-19 will help shorten the time it takes respiratory droplets to be removed from the air.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Apr 07, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byHow long does the Coronavirus last in the air and on surfaces? Clean and disinfect: How to handle household pets: How to protect pets if you are sick:  Receiving mail and packages: share IMPORTANT UPDATE FOR RETIRED PEOPLE who aren’t typically required to file a tax return Have pets? Here’s a fact sheet on how to care for them during COVID19 NICOLE*Note: Older adults and people of any age with certain serious underlying medical conditions like lung disease, heart disease, or diabetes are at higher risk for developing more serious complications from COVID-19 illness and should seek care as soon as symptoms start.Important Information Regarding NYS Unemployment Benefits | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressImportant Information Regarding NYS Unemployment BenefitsPandemic Unemployment Assistance (PUA) provides payment to workers not traditionally eligible for unemployment benefits (self-employed, independent contractors, workers with limited work history, and others) who are unable to work as a direct result of the coronavirus public health emergency. The federal CARES Act was signed into law March 27, 2020. The Act provides enhanced Unemployment Insurance (UI) benefits and Pandemic Unemployment Assistance (PUA) for New Yorkers. The following 2 forms contain what you need to know.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Mar 31, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare The CARES Act Explained USNS Comfort is here to bring hope NICOLEMalliotakis: Cuomo Must Be Held Accountable for Nursing Home Coverup | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis: Cuomo Must Be Held Accountable for Nursing Home CoverupOn March 17, Gov. Cuomo told the people of New York and the nation: ‘The buck stops on my desk.’ Following a scathing report that the Cuomo Administration undercounted nursing home deaths that resulted for a misguided Executive Order, Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis says he needs to accept responsibility for his administration’s bad decisions that led to thousands of deaths of our most vulnerable and the cover-up that attempted to minimize it.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Jan 30, 2021Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Watch: COVID Vaccines for 9/11 Terrorist before Citizens Is Backwards Watch: NYC restaurants continue to be discriminated against by Cuomo NICOLEMalliotakis: The Best Stimulus Package Is The Reopening of Our Economy | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis: The Best Stimulus Package Is The Reopening of Our EconomyU.S. Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis discusses Biden’s COVID relief proposal, Reopening New York’s economy, NYPD and NYC’s quality of life with Maria Bartiromo on Fox Business.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Jan 15, 2021Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Watch: NYC restaurants continue to be discriminated against by Cuomo Watch: Malliotakis Discusses Acceleration of Vaccine Distribution, Repeats Calls to Reopen Economy NICOLEWatch: NYC restaurants continue to be discriminated against by Cuomo | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressWatch: NYC restaurants continue to be discriminated against by CuomoOn January 30, 2021, Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis sat down with Fox & Friends to discuss the status of indoor dining in NYC, Attorney General Tish James’ scathing report on Gov. Cuomo’s handling of nursing homes and the need for the United States to bring its supply chain home and hold China accountable.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Jan 30, 2021Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Malliotakis: Cuomo Must Be Held Accountable for Nursing Home Coverup Malliotakis: The Best Stimulus Package Is The Reopening of Our Economy NICOLEPresident Biden: Don't Rejoin The Iran Deal | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressPresident Biden: Don’t Rejoin The Iran DealWith three days left in office, former Vice President Mike Pence took to Twitter to reflect. “I’m proud to report with just a few days left in our Administration, our Administration is the first in decades that did not get America into a new war,” he wrote. “That’s Peace through Strength.” 
Advertisement The former Vice President is right, and as a candidate for Congress, I heard repeatedly both Democrats and Republicans share their pride in U.S. foreign policy under the Trump administration. We can best see its successes in today’s transformed Middle East. When the previous administration took office, ISIS controlled thousands of square miles of Iraq and Syria under its so-called “Caliphate.” Today, the ISIS territorial Caliphate – and Caliph Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi – is practically nonexistent. Likewise, our ally Israel counted only Egypt and Jordan as its formal partners when Trump assumed office. Today, the United States and Israel have added Bahrain, Morocco, Sudan, and the United Arab Emirates to that list through the groundbreaking Abraham Accords. Most notably, the Trump administration took the courageous step of withdrawing from the deeply-flawed Iran Nuclear Deal. Throngs of partisan talking heads predicted doomsday-esque consequences thanks to the former president’s decision, but – much to the mainstream media’s chagrin – their foretold apocalypse never came. Instead, billions of Western dollars stopped flowing to the Khamenei regime, Iranians took to the streets demanding democracy, and Iranian nuclear breakout time underwent no meaningful change. In short, Iran found itself isolated on the international stage with far less Western cash in its bank accounts and far more to lose if it did not abandon its nuclear aspirations. Few foreign policy analysts predicted these outcomes, but the Trump administration proved that bold decision-making could yield transformative results for the Middle East. Now, more than three months into a new administration, our country is at another crossroads with Iran. To his credit, Biden has already shown that he takes the Iranian threat seriously by authorizing U.S. airstrikes against Iranian proxy targets in eastern Syria. But rejoining the Iran deal without renegotiating a better agreement for the U.S. and our allies would undo every bit of progress our country has made with Iran over the last four years. The next few weeks are critical. Thus far, the Biden administration has proven unsuccessful in even getting Iran to the table, but negotiations between the U.S. and Tehran are set to intensify with Iran’s presidential elections looming and reports indicating the administration is planning to introduce a new proposal asking Iran to halt some of its nuclear activities in exchange for some relief on U.S. economic sanctions. President Biden has a choice: His administration can bow to the pressures of the progressive left and return to the original 2015 agreement that removed economic sanctions on the world’s leading state sponsor of terrorism or continue along the path blazed by President Trump that held Iran accountable and hindered its ability to obtain a nuclear weapon. The ball is in Biden’s court, and the whole world is watching. Fortunately, a bipartisan group of 139 pro-Israel lawmakers have emerged in Congress who are rightfully concerned about the nuclear aspirations of Iran and the danger the Mullahs present to the United States and the Middle East. Just last month, this group circulated a letter to Secretary of State Antony Blinken condemning Iran for its malign behavior and calling on the State Department to prioritize bipartisan cooperation before signing any new agreement with Iran. Specifically, the letter noted that Iran “has sowed chaos in Syria and Yemen, continued to arm Hezbollah and worked to provide the terrorist group with precision-guided missiles to attack Israel, and backed forces in Iraq that have targeted American troops.” I am proud to be a member of this bipartisan group, in addition to co-sponsoring new legislation that would ensure Congressional review of any sanction waivers with respect to Iran. Like many, I sincerely hope that the Iranian people will overcome the oppressive Khamenei regime and form a new, democratic government that will truly represent the will of the Iranian people. Until then, however, our current administration must do what is in the best interest of our country and its allies. President Biden: Keep America safe and out of the Iran deal – for the sake of our country and our allies in the region. Rejoining the Iran deal is a decision we simply cannot afford to make. Op-Ed Featured in theby Team Nicole on
                                                        Apr 14, 2021Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Malliotakis: Biden Must Reject Radical Left if He Wants an Effective, Bipartisan Infrastructure Bill Rep. Malliotakis tells FNTV that Biden has given control of Southern Border to Cartels NICOLECongresswoman Nicole Malliotakis Helps to Secure $2.3 Million for RUMC's Head Start Program | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressCongresswoman Nicole Malliotakis Helps to Secure $2.3 Million for RUMC’s Head Start ProgramCongresswoman Nicole Malliotakis recently announced that the the city’s Department of Health and Human Services (DHHS), will be awarding $2.3 million in federal Grants to the Richmond University Medical Center, also known to Staten Islanders as RUMC. These grants will help to provide funding for the hospital’s Head Start and Early Start programs, programs that help children from low-income families to be school-ready by the age of 5 years old. In her announcement regarding the grants, Malliotakis said, “RUMC is such an important institution in our community, focusing on bringing health, wellness and prevention services to Staten Islanders… I’m happy to have secured this funding for the doctors, nurses and healthcare professionals at RUMC so that they can better service children and their families in the areas of health, nutrition and education,”by Team Nicole on
                                                        Nov 11, 2021Menu Menu Nicole for NYC NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Malliotakis: NYC Will Benefit Greatly from Bipartisan Infrastructure Investment Rep. Malliotakis is Leading The Fight Against The $450M Payout to Illegal Immigrants. NICOLEWatch: Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis Officially Sworn in to U.S. House of Representatives | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressWatch: Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis Officially Sworn in to U.S. House of RepresentativesCongresswoman Nicole Malliotakis (NY-11) was officially sworn in on Sunday evening to represent Staten Island and Southwestern Brooklyn in the United States Congress. “I’m excited and ready to work for the people of New York’s 11th Congressional District by fighting to accelerate vaccine distribution, open our economy and make our community safer,” said Congresswoman Malliotakis. “Sixty years ago, my parents took a great chance and came to this country in search of greater opportunity. They worked hard, sacrificed so much, and today they were able to watch their daughter become a Member of Congress. That’s the American Dream and opportunity I will work to preserve for future generations.”by Team Nicole on
                                                        Jan 03, 2021Menu Menu Featured NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Watch: Malliotakis Discusses Acceleration of Vaccine Distribution, Repeats Calls to Reopen Economy Watch: Nicole Malliotakis discusses ‘The Freedom Force’ and their plan to fight socialism NICOLEMalliotakis Slams AOC's Boycott of Goya Foods Launches Drive to Buy Goya Canned Foods for Needy | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis Slams AOC’s Boycott of Goya Foods Launches Drive to Buy Goya Canned Foods for Needy                 Join Nicole Malliotakis for a Goya Food Drive in Support of Free SpeechAssemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis, the Republican candidate for Congress in NY-11 (Staten Island-Southern Brooklyn), today slammed Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez for her newly launched effort to boycott Goya Foods and responded by announcing a Goya canned food drive that will benefit local food pantries in the 11th Congressional District. Malliotakis called Ocasio-Cortez’s actions “shameful” and “symptomatic of the radical left’s attempts to bully and intimidate those who hold opposing views.” Calls for a boycott started shortly after Goya Foods CEO Robert Unanue, a grandson of the company’s founders, appeared at a White House event announcing a ‘Hispanic Prosperity Initiative’ on Thursday. During his remarks, Unanue praised President Trump, which in turn initiated a far left temper tantrum and calls for a boycott of the 84 year-old New Jersey based company that bills itself as the largest the Hispanic-owned food company in the United States. Goya, which is widely known for its generosity in times of need, also announced this week that it would donate 2 million pounds of its products to food banks across the nation. Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis said, “Rep. Ocasio-Cortez’s attempt to launch a boycott is symptomatic of the radical left’s attempts to bully and intimidate those who hold opposing views.The fact that her actions are aimed at an 84-yr-old Hispanic family owned business over political differences is shameful. Attempts to silence opposing views are a trademark of AOC’s brand of socialism and are one of the reasons my mother fled Communist Cuba. “On Friday night, I made Goya frijoles in honor of my mother, abuela (grandmother) and freedom loving Americans. Today, I am announcing my Goya canned food drive in the same spirit as Goya Foods, which has generously donated millions of pounds of food to people in our nation and around the world. They’ve donated meals for New York City students as well as tons of food to the people of Venezuela, who are suffering under the same destructive socialist policies that Alexandra Ocasio-Cortez would like to inflict on the American people. Now is the time to show our support for this family owned American business by purchasing Goya canned products for distribution to local food pantries.” Assemblywoman Malliotakis and volunteers will deliver the food to local pantries. During COVID-19 pandemic, Assemblywoman Malliotakis co-hosted five successful “Drive-by food drives” to benefit struggling pantries in her district.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Jul 11, 2020Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byFood donations will be accepted at Malliotakis campaign headquarters at  , Monday thru Friday from 9am-7pm, beginning July 13th and running through the end of the month. share Malliotakis Joins March Across Brooklyn Bridge With Clergy and Law Enforcement As We Celebrate Independence Day, The Left Seeks to Erase our History NICOLERestaurants befuddled by blitz visits from government agencies | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressRestaurants befuddled by blitz visits from government agenciesJul 16, 2020Menu Menu Staten Island Advance NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byMalliotakis to Mayor: Give restaurants a break Malliotakis & Tannousis Slam Turkish President Erdogan’s Decision on Hagia Sophia NICOLEPress Releases | Nicole Malliotakis for Congress - Part 14Press ReleasesPosts navigationNew York State Republican Chairman Nick Langworthy today announced his official endorsement of Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis for Congress in NY’s 11th congressional district. A five-term member of the New York State Assembly, Assemblywoman Malliotakis has carried the Conservative Party’s endorsement in each of her past elections. Max Rose and Bill de Blasio both lent their support for the dangerous new bail law that is releasing violent and repeat offenders back onto our streets. Malliotakis, a five term Assemblywoman and 2017 Republican nominee for Mayor of New York City, is one of the National Republican Congressional Committee’s top recruits. Malliotakis unanimously selected to be the candidate for Congress in New York’s 11th District New York bail reform legislation goes into effect on January 1; New York State Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis pushes back. New York State is quickly becoming a sanctuary for law breakers. Nicole Malliotakis announced that she had signed the U.S. Term Limits pledge and called on her opponent, Congressman Max Rose, to do the same. “Max Rose has done a disservice to our community by sneaking his and Jerry Nadler’s two-way tolling scheme into the $1.4 trillion spending bill.” With the New Year quickly approaching, the vast majority of law-abiding New Yorkers are deeply concerned about the criminal justice reforms set to take effect on January 1st, 2020. Nicole Malliotakis appeared on Fox & Friends with Steve Doocy to blast New York’s radical new law which allows those in the country illegally to obtain drivers licenses. Today, Max Rose declared, once and for all, that he will vote for impeachment along with Nancy Pelosi, Jerry Nadler, Alexandria Ocasio Cortez, Ilhan Omar and the rest. This is a victory for President Trump and the American people as the USMCA will add $68.2 billion to the U.S. economy and create 176,000 new jobs. The House Democrats’ efforts to remove President Trump with no evidence and no facts is a farce of the impeachment process and underscores the left’s desperation to take back the White House by any means. Over 5,000 New Yorkers Sign Petition Urging Governor Cuomo to Fix Dangerous LawMenu Menu Nicole Malliotakis READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post … 14 … STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare share share share share share share share share share share share share share share NICOLEMalliotakis delivers POW-MIA and American Flags to Brooklyn Nursing Home | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis delivers POW-MIA and American Flags to Brooklyn Nursing Home                 Malliotakis delivers POW-MIA and American Flags to Brooklyn Nursing Home for Memorial DayFor the past several weeks, Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis has been delivering Personal Protective Equipment to hospitals, nursing homes and direct care facilities serving her district. To date, she has delivered 10,000 face shields, 10,000 gloves, thousands or masks and hundreds of medical gowns in Brooklyn and Staten Island. While delivering supplies to St. Nicholas home, Administrator Lisa Soto made a special request – an American Flag. The flag at St. Nicholas Home was a few years old and torn. Yesterday, Assemblywoman Malliotakis presented the home with not only an American Flag, but a POW/MIA flag just in time for Memorial Day. The Assemblywoman at nursing home staff had a small ceremony and watched the flag raising. Lisa Soto said, “I feel proud. We’ve had a flag flying over St. Nicholas Home since I’ve been here. My nephew served and was killed in Iraq on Memorial Day 12 years ago. I want to say Thank you to Nicole. We appreciate all that she has done for the home. She delivered masks, face shields, gloves, sanitizer and now a flag. it is much appreciated.” Assemblywoman Malliotakis said, “I am happy that I was in a position to help the residents and staff at Saint Nicholas home. I trier to help Lisa was everything the home needed and then one day, in the middle of this crisis, she emailed asking if I had an American flag. I was touched by her patriotism and I’m happy I was able to provide a new flag.”by Team Nicole on
                                                        May 17, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Malliotakis Pushes to Resume Dentistry, Elective Surgeries and Preventive Procedures Across State Assemblywoman Malliotakis Facilitates Medical Gown Production in Brooklyn NICOLECoronavirus (COVID-19) Information Center | Nicole Malliotakis for Congress - Part 5COVID-19 INFORMATION CENTER                 
                                             
                                        COVID-19 INFORMATION CENTER                 
                                             
                                        Drive Thru Testing Center                 
                                             
                                        Drive Thru Testing CenterResources ResourcesI.S. 27 Staten Island has a confirmed case of coronavirus in the school community. I’ve just been informed by the Diocese that Brooklyn elementary Catholic Schools will join Staten Island Catholic elementary schools in closing for the week March 16. Following a meeting today of all Staten Island elected officials at Borough Hall, “we are calling on Mayor Bill de Blasio to close New York City Public Schools, grades 3-K through 12. The FDA has approved the measures we sought to greatly increase New York’s capacity for testing and turn around time: Governor Cuomo says the 28 private labs the State is contracting with to test for #COVID19 will be up and running today. New York State should be able to do 6,000 tests a day starting […] Senior centers are closing but offering “grab-and-go” meals. As I posted the other day, if you know of someone age 60+ who is unable to cook or shop for themselves, Meals on Wheels still has nurses doing intakes for home food delivery. Please call 718-727-4435 on #StatenIsland and in Bay Ridge, Dyker heights and Bensonhurst […] We all need to check up on our senior citizens who are most at risk. I’ve touched base with our local senior centers and they are providing emergency three meal food boxes and Meals on Wheels still has nurses doing intakes for home food delivery. If you know of someone age 60+ who is unable […]Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis … 5 powered byCoronavirus (COVID-19) Information Center | Nicole Malliotakis for Congress - Part 3COVID-19 INFORMATION CENTER                 
                                             
                                        COVID-19 INFORMATION CENTER                 
                                             
                                        Drive Thru Testing Center                 
                                             
                                        Drive Thru Testing CenterResources ResourcesAssemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis appeared on PBS' MetroFocus to discuss the Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic.  Supporting our economy, small businesses, hospitals and their workers, and others are the goals of the CARES Act, which is why these measures have been included since the legislation was first introduced. Important Information Regarding NYS Unemployment Benefits USNS Comfort is here to bring hope, support, care & comfort to the people of NYC - God Bless America!  Not only do they deserve the proper equipment and supplies, they also deserve better screening before and after their shift. Sanitation and other essential city workers are not receiving an adequate supply of protective equipment such as masks, gloves and hand sanitizers, Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis (R-Staten Island) told the Advance. With non-essential business being shut down, the majority of people utilizing these spaces are those under quarantine at the city and state’s urging or essential workers who are keeping the vital aspects of this city running during a crisis Every day more firefighters, police officers, sanitation workers and other essential employees in New York City are getting sick. Right now, expanding hospital bed capacity is a priority. I have proposed using the decommissioned Victory Memorial Hospital site in Brooklyn to help meet the need in the borough. New York State has set up a hotline with 6,175 mental health professionals who volunteered to speak with those experiencing stress, anxiety and depression.  Speaking with Joe Piscopo, Nicole discusses her push to get Mayor de Blasio to freeze collection of property taxes and water bills and the need to better protect city workers from COVID-19. Supporting Impacted Businesses: The Small Business Administration (SBA) has announced disaster loans which provide impacted businesses with up to $2 million. Nicole Malliotakis appeared on Breitbart News Saturday to discuss the coronavirus outbreak across America, specifically in New York. The deadline for filing of FEDERAL of income tax returns will be postponed 3 months from April 15 to July 15 because of the coronavirus outbreak, feds announced. The deadline for filing of FEDERAL of income tax returns will be postponed 3 months from April 15 to July 15 because of the coronavirus outbreak, feds announced. The deadline for filing of FEDERAL of income tax returns will be postponed 3 months from April 15 to July 15 because of the coronavirus outbreak, feds announced. The deadline for filing of FEDERAL of income tax returns will be postponed 3 months from April 15 to July 15 because of the coronavirus outbreak, feds announced. The Education Department will not enforce federal rules on standardized testing for K-12 schools and will allow federal student loan borrowers to suspend payments for at least 60 days.Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis 3 powered byCoronavirus (COVID-19) Information Center | Nicole Malliotakis for Congress - Part 2COVID-19 INFORMATION CENTER                 
                                             
                                        COVID-19 INFORMATION CENTER                 
                                             
                                        Drive Thru Testing Center                 
                                             
                                        Drive Thru Testing CenterResources ResourcesAttached is a fact sheets with important information specific to our region regarding the President’s COVID-19 response efforts Andrew raised $55,000 using GoFundMe to purchase protective equipment and supplies for the nurses and staff at local hospitals, nursing homes and group homes serving those with developmental disabilities in his father’s memory. The New York State Department of Health needs to develop a timeline to lift the ban on elective surgeries and reschedule procedures throughout the state, beginning with those addressing life-threatening conditions. Assemblywoman Malliotakis spoke with the Governor’s staff last week and wrote a follow-up letter urging action. “We look to your office and the New […] With Governor Cuomo mandating face coverings where social distancing is not possible, like buses and the subway, here is how you can make a face covering out of things you have at home: Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis and Dr. Salvatore Volpe to answer your questions and concerns about COVID-19 While local libraries are physically closed, New York Public Library reminds us that you can still access a wide range of books online.  Individuals who have recovered from COVID19  may have convalescent plasma in their blood, which has antibodies against the virus and could help with the development of a treatment for the virus. The State Department of Health has updated guidelines to allow a support person to be present for patients in imminent end-of-life situations. Precautions to take at home if you live with someone with COVID. How to handle mail, packages, groceries. Caring for pets if you have COVID or if you are caring for a COVID patient’s pet. And we'll answer your questions. Social Security recipients who are not typically required to file a tax return need to take NO ACTION to receive their $1,200 even if they did not file tax returns in 2018 or 2019.  Most people who get sick with COVID-19 will have only mild illness and should recover at home.* Care at home can help stop the spread of COVID-19 and help protect people who are at risk for getting seriously ill from COVID-19.  How should I prepare for coronavirus Virus 2019 (COVID-19) if I have a pet? Take time now to make plans and prepare your pets in case you can no longer take care of your pets or have to go to the hospital due to COVID-19.  For those of you who were tested for COVID-19 at the Staten Island South Beach site of another state site and have been waiting for results, you can access them online. For those of you who were tested for COVID-19 at the Staten Island South Beach site of another state site and have been waiting for results, you can access them online. Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis and Senator Marco Rubio will discuss FAQs about the CARES Act and the Paycheck Protection Program. Staffing has been increased and 750 tests were done today. Beginning tomorrow, the site will be able to conduct up to 1,000 tests a day, so the backlog will start to reduce. Great news for our NYPD. The department has arranged to provide free testing to all symptomatic members of the force. No appointment necessary. The state will match them with the staffing needs at new medical facilities like those being set up at College of Staten Island and South Beach Psych Center on Staten Island, and the Javits Center in Manhattan.Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis 2 powered byPress Releases | Nicole Malliotakis for Congress - Part 13Press ReleasesPosts navigationSenior centers are closing but offering “grab-and-go” meals. As I posted the other day, if you know of someone age 60+ who is unable to cook or shop for themselves, Meals on Wheels still has nurses doing intakes for home food delivery. Please call 718-727-4435 on #StatenIsland and in Bay Ridge, Dyker heights and Bensonhurst […] This weekend, Nicole was proud to stand with New York’s Greek community at the #StandWithGreece Rally in Athens Square, Astoria NYC. Sign the Petition to stop New York State’s radical new law which will eliminate bail for people charged with dozens of serious crimes, like criminally negligent homicide, stalking, strangulation and more. We all need to check up on our senior citizens who are most at risk. I’ve touched base with our local senior centers and they are providing emergency three meal food boxes and Meals on Wheels still has nurses doing intakes for home food delivery. If you know of someone age 60+ who is unable […] New York bail reform legislation went into effect on January 1. New York State Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis pushes back. Right now, as a result of the escalation of a humanitarian disaster in Syria, the Erdogan regime in Turkey is acting a chaos agent—helping to unleash a flood of Syrian refugees upon Greece and the European Union. Assemblywoman Malliotakis said, Thursday night’s endorsement and designation by the Staten Island Republican County Committee and its Chairman, Brendan Lantry, brings me a step closer to taking on Congressman Max Rose in the November election. The NRCC’s Young Guns program requires candidates to work towards specific goals and meet benchmarks throughout the election cycle to ensure their campaigns remain competitive, well-funded and communicative within their districts.  Trump: @NMalliotakis is running for Congress in NY, I know her well, we need her to defeat Max Rose, who voted for Impeachment! Nicole is Strong on Crime & Borders, #2A, Cutting Taxes, & she Loves our Military & Vets. Nicole has my Complete & Total Endorsement! New York needs to accept the guidelines used by 49 other states. Malliotakis has been working with The Department of Homeland Security (DHS) to craft a bill that would satisfy the department’s requirements and restore Global Entry status. Minority Leader Matteo becomes the first local Republican elected official to endorse Assemblywoman Malliotakis in her congressional race. The law, which permits illegal immigrants to apply for New York State driver licenses, also restricts background information from being released to federal and state law enforcement agencies regarding the individual without a court order or a warrant. Great job, New York Democrats, you’ve really done it this time! As the rest of the nation watches, your misguided far-left policies, passed in the middle of the night due to one party rule, are deconstructing law and order across the Empire State. The MTA and our congressional representatives misinformed the public that two-way tolling would improve our commute by reducing congestion as well as the number of trucks that use Staten Island roadways. Nicole Malliotakis called on Max Rose to explain his support for Sanctuary City policies after federal immigration authorities laid blame on Mayor de Blasio’s policies for the sexual abuse and murder of 92 year-old Queens’ resident Maria Fuertes.Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post … 13 … STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare share share share share share share share share share share share share share share NICOLEThe Conservative Parties of Staten Island and Brooklyn Jointly Nominate and Endorse Nicole Malliotakis | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressThe Conservative Parties of Staten Island and Brooklyn Jointly Nominate and Endorse Nicole MalliotakisThe executive committees of the Conservative Party of Richmond County and the Conservative Party of Kings County have jointly nominated and endorsed Nicole Malliotakis in this year’s election for the U.S. House of Representatives, Eleventh Congressional District. A five-term member of the New York State Assembly, Assemblywoman Malliotakis has carried the Conservative Party’s endorsement in each of her past elections, where she has been an effective advocate for conservative values and principles in Albany.  With more than $1 million already raised for this campaign, and endorsements from both the Conservative and Republican parties, she is a formidable candidate for Congress. “We have been proud to support Nicole Malliotakis in every one of her past campaigns and know that she will represent this district well in Congress,” said Richmond County Chairman David Mario Curcio.  “The incumbent Congressman is far too liberal for this district, as evidenced by his voting record that includes a shameful vote to impeach the President. Conservative candidates have held this seat for the better part of the past four decades and Nicole Malliotakis shares the values of her constituents.  Her candidacy will help to restore conservative leadership in the House and advance President Trump’s agenda to keep America great.” “Nicole Malliotakis has consistently had the support of the Kings County Conservative Party in the past and we are now proud to endorse her candidacy for Congress,” said Kings County Chairwoman Fran Vella-Marrone.  “She is a fighter and we need her in our corner to combat the far left agenda in the House of Representatives. Max Rose has consistently supported this agenda and must be defeated. The campaign for the 11th Congressional District is key to bringing back conservative leadership to the House. The election of Nicole Malliotakis will ensure that we have a conservative voice who will support President Trump and represent the views of her constituents.” “I congratulate Nicole on earning the Conservative Party endorsement,” said NYS Chairman Jerry Kassar.  “At a time in which our nation faces many challenges at home and abroad our state, city and local community will do well in electing Nicole to Congress.  In the past nine years as an Assembly member she has repeatedly shown her ability to cause the voices of her community to be heard in Albany.  I expect nothing less from her in Congress.  The NYS Conservative Party together with our local county organizations will be devoting, the time, energy and resources to help make this happen.” “I want to thank the Conservative Party State Chairman Jerry Kassar, Richmond County Chairman David Curcio, and Kings County Chairwoman Fran Vella-Marrone, along with their executive committees for their endorsement and support of my candidacy,” said candidate Nicole Malliotakis.  “The Conservative Party has been supportive every step of the way and I look forward to working closely with them to make sure Max Rose is a one term congressman. New York’s 11th Congressional District deserves a representative who shares their values and not those of Nancy Pelosi or the socialist squad of Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez. As a member of the New York State Assembly, I’ve spent the last nine years challenging the extreme liberal policies implemented by Democrats and held them accountable. In contrast, Max Rose has publicly supported reckless policies like Cuomo’s dangerous bail law and de Blasio’s closure of Rikers Island and spent his first year voting with Nancy Pelosi over 95% of the time.  I look forward to taking my fight and passion to Washington and working with President Trump to secure our borders, create jobs, improve healthcare, and deliver an infrastructure package that benefits our community.” The Conservative Party made the difference ten years ago in helping to elect Nicole Malliotakis to the New York State Assembly, defeating a two-term liberal Democrat.  The Conservative Party expects to once again help to do so in the election for this Congressional seat, a contest that has gained significant national attention and is scheduled for Tuesday, November 3, 2020.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Jan 13, 2020Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare NYGOP Chairman Langworthy Endorses Nicole Malliotakis for Congress Max Rose Supported Cuomo’s Bail Law & de Blasio’s Plan to Close Rikers NICOLESenior centers are closing but offering "grab-and-go" meals | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressSenior centers are closing but offering “grab-and-go” mealsSenior centers are closing but offering “grab-and-go” meals. As I posted the other day, if you know of someone age 60+ who is unable to cook or shop for themselves, Meals on Wheels still has nurses doing intakes for home food delivery. Please call 718-727-4435 on   and in Bay Ridge, Dyker heights and Bensonhurst   call 718-680-3530‬.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Mar 13, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information # StatenIsland # Brooklyn NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare FDA to Increase in New York’s capacity for testing Malliotakis Speaks at #StandWithGreece Rally in Astoria, NYC NICOLECoronavirus (COVID-19) Information Center | Nicole Malliotakis for Congress - Part 4COVID-19 INFORMATION CENTER                 
                                             
                                        COVID-19 INFORMATION CENTER                 
                                             
                                        Drive Thru Testing Center                 
                                             
                                        Drive Thru Testing CenterResources ResourcesWhile testing is open to all, you must first be screened to be referred for an appointment. If you are exhibiting symptoms and would like to be screened to take a swab test, please call NY State Department of Health at 888-364-3065. My colleagues and I have been pushing for more information on coronavirus testing and positive cases and a better breakdown of the information. DOHMH is now posting a daily report that has all kinds of data (including borough breakdowns). Governor Cuomo made a wise move today with the announcement that mortgage payments will be waived along with late fees and suspending foreclosures for 90 days for people who have been laid off or who are otherwise facing financial hardships due to the outbreak. If you are, or know someone who is, willing to share their time and expertise to fight this crisis your service will be deeply appreciated. The Staten Island site, located at South Beach Psychiatric Center (corner of Fr. Capodanno Blvd. and Seaview Avenue), will be the first to open tomorrow Thursday March 19 by appointment only. With property tax bills due April 1 and quarterly water bills set to be sent soon, we are calling on the mayor to provide relief by alleviating uncertainty for both local businesses and residents. JUST IN: Starting tomorrow, March 18th and through Tuesday, March 24th, Alternate Side Parking will be suspended in New York City. We will provide updates on any further suspensions as we get closer to next Tuesday. Hopefully this is the last time I will posting about this and the Mayor will announce sooner, rather than […] From the Mayor’s Office: Starting tomorrow (3/17), small businesses impacted by COVID-19 will be able to apply online for an employee retention grant. The team at the NYC Department of Small Business Services has also been working as quickly as possible to setup the zero-interest loan program, and will be sharing more information on that […] Beginning today, Social Security offices will be closed and all business will be done by phone or online. If you need help from Social Security: · First, please use the secure and convenient online services available at www.socialsecurity.gov/onlineservices. You can apply for retirement, disability, and Medicare benefits online, check the status of an application or […] After speaking with restaurant and bar owners in my district forced to close by executive order, I’m asking Governor Cuomo to postpone the March 20 sales tax payment for affected businesses. They say this will lift a big burden off their shoulders as they cope with so many other issues right now. The New York State Liquor Authority offers the following guidance for takeout and delivery of alcoholic beverages with food orders: Any on-premises licensee and any manufacturing licensee with on-premises retail privileges may sell for off-premises consumption any alcoholic beverages that it is able to sell for on premises consumption under the law. For example, a […] Mayor de Blasio should immediately suspend alternate side parking for rest of March. You can’t move your car if you are under mandatory or precautionary quarantine. Lets make things easy for people during this state of emergency.‬ Major utilities including Con Edison and National Grid have agreed to suspend utility shut-offs, a concern for people who may be out of work. While we work diligently to contain the coronavirus, we also must recognize the economic hardship this outbreak is creating for most New Yorkers. Mayor de Blasio has signed an Executive Order limiting restaurants, bars and cafes to food take-out and delivery. As per Mayor de Blasio, NYC public schools will close until at least April 20th as it includes the Spring Break which is already scheduled for April 8th – April 17th.  NYC’s public schools should be closed and Mayor de Blasio should execute a plan that provides child care services for children of healthcare workers, first responders and others in need. This important step is the latest in a series or actions we are taking to make sure we protect the health and safety of Americans.Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis 4 powered byFDA to Increase in New York's capacity for testing | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressFDA to Increase in New York’s capacity for testingby Team Nicole on
                                                        Mar 13, 2020                         
                     
                             
         
     
 		
		
		
		 
		 				 
											 

		             
         The FDA has approved the measures we sought to greatly increase New York’s capacity for testing and turn around time: Governor Cuomo says the 28 private labs the State is contracting with to test for   will be up and running today. New York State should be able to do 6,000 tests a day starting next week.Menu Menu COVID-19 Information # COVID19 NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Meeting today of all Staten Island elected officials at Borough Hall Senior centers are closing but offering “grab-and-go” meals NICOLEPress Releases | Nicole Malliotakis for Congress - Part 12Press ReleasesPosts navigationFrom the Mayor’s Office: Starting tomorrow (3/17), small businesses impacted by COVID-19 will be able to apply online for an employee retention grant. The team at the NYC Department of Small Business Services has also been working as quickly as possible to setup the zero-interest loan program, and will be sharing more information on that […] Beginning today, Social Security offices will be closed and all business will be done by phone or online. If you need help from Social Security: · First, please use the secure and convenient online services available at www.socialsecurity.gov/onlineservices. You can apply for retirement, disability, and Medicare benefits online, check the status of an application or […] After speaking with restaurant and bar owners in my district forced to close by executive order, I’m asking Governor Cuomo to postpone the March 20 sales tax payment for affected businesses. They say this will lift a big burden off their shoulders as they cope with so many other issues right now. The New York State Liquor Authority offers the following guidance for takeout and delivery of alcoholic beverages with food orders: Any on-premises licensee and any manufacturing licensee with on-premises retail privileges may sell for off-premises consumption any alcoholic beverages that it is able to sell for on premises consumption under the law. For example, a […] Mayor de Blasio should immediately suspend alternate side parking for rest of March. You can’t move your car if you are under mandatory or precautionary quarantine. Lets make things easy for people during this state of emergency.‬ Major utilities including Con Edison and National Grid have agreed to suspend utility shut-offs, a concern for people who may be out of work. While we work diligently to contain the coronavirus, we also must recognize the economic hardship this outbreak is creating for most New Yorkers. Mayor de Blasio has signed an Executive Order limiting restaurants, bars and cafes to food take-out and delivery. As per Mayor de Blasio, NYC public schools will close until at least April 20th as it includes the Spring Break which is already scheduled for April 8th – April 17th.  NYC’s public schools should be closed and Mayor de Blasio should execute a plan that provides child care services for children of healthcare workers, first responders and others in need. This important step is the latest in a series or actions we are taking to make sure we protect the health and safety of Americans. I.S. 27 Staten Island has a confirmed case of coronavirus in the school community. I’ve just been informed by the Diocese that Brooklyn elementary Catholic Schools will join Staten Island Catholic elementary schools in closing for the week March 16. Following a meeting today of all Staten Island elected officials at Borough Hall, “we are calling on Mayor Bill de Blasio to close New York City Public Schools, grades 3-K through 12. The FDA has approved the measures we sought to greatly increase New York’s capacity for testing and turn around time: Governor Cuomo says the 28 private labs the State is contracting with to test for #COVID19 will be up and running today. New York State should be able to do 6,000 tests a day starting […]Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post … 12 … STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare share share share share share share share share share share share share share share NICOLEFree COVID-19 Testing for Members of the NYPD | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressFree COVID-19 Testing for Members of the NYPDGreat news for our NYPD. The department has arranged to provide free testing to all symptomatic members of the force. No appointment necessary.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Apr 03, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byNorthWell Go Health Urgent Care Locations: ProHealth Urgent Care Locations: share Increased Testing at the South Beach COVID-19 Testing Site Malliotakis Applauds Fixes to Botched Bail Law as Big Step NICOLEPresident Donald Trump Education Department Testing and Loan Update | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressPresident Donald Trump Education Department Testing and Loan UpdatePresident Donald Trump announced Friday that the Education Department would not enforce federal rules on standardized testing for K-12 schools and would allow federal student loan borrowers to suspend payments for at least 60 days without penalty as the government battles the coronavirus pandemic. Borrowers would have to contact their student loan servicers to take advantage of the benefit, Trump said, and he teased that there was “more to come on student loans.” Published by Politicoby Team Nicole on
                                                        Mar 20, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Federal and State Income Tax Returns Will be Postponed 3 Months Coronavirus (Covid-19) Drive-Thru Testing Sites Now Open NICOLEIncreased Testing at the South Beach COVID-19 Testing Site | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressIncreased Testing at the South Beach COVID-19 Testing SiteMany of you have expressed frustration with the amount of time it is taking to get a call back and an appointment at the South Beach COVID-19 testing site. I’ve been frustrated too and brought these concerns to the Governor’s Office and, along with my colleagues, advocated for an increase in testing. The issue has been a lack of staffing at both the site and call center to meet the overwhelming demand for tests. They were only able to do about 500 tests a day. Staffing has been increased and 750 tests were done today. Beginning tomorrow, the site will be able to conduct up to 1,000 tests a day, so the backlog will start to reduce.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Apr 03, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare WATCH: Nicole Malliotakis & Senator Marco Rubio Telephone Town Hall Free COVID-19 Testing for Members of the NYPD NICOLEFederal and State Income Tax Returns Will be Postponed 3 Months | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressFederal and State Income Tax Returns Will be Postponed 3 MonthsThe deadline for filing of FEDERAL of income tax returns will be postponed 3 months from April 15 to July 15 because of the coronavirus outbreak, feds announced. New York State will also move the State’s tax deadline from April 15 to July 15 to follow suit with the Federal government. This is something Assemblymember Nicole Malliotakis was advocating for.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Mar 20, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Small businesses asking me about applying for SBA loans President Donald Trump Education Department Testing and Loan Update NICOLEWATCH: Nicole Malliotakis & Senator Marco Rubio Telephone Town Hall | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressWATCH: Nicole Malliotakis & Senator Marco Rubio Telephone Town HallIf you missed our tele-town hall, you can listen to the complete discussion with Senator Marco Rubio here. Below is additional information and guidance from the Department of Treasury. If you had questions for Senator Marco Rubio that were not answered on the call, below is additional information and guidance from the Department of Treasury. 
 
 
 [/vc_column_text]by Team Nicole on
                                                        Apr 04, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Tested At The South Beach Site? Access Your COVID-19 Test Results Online Increased Testing at the South Beach COVID-19 Testing Site NICOLETested At The South Beach Site? Access Your COVID-19 Test Results Online | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressTested At The South Beach Site? Access Your COVID-19 Test Results OnlineFor those of you who were tested for COVID-19 at the Staten Island South Beach site of another state site and have been waiting for results, you can access them online:by Team Nicole on
                                                        Apr 04, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare For those of you asking whether hydroxycloroquine is banned in New York: WATCH: Nicole Malliotakis & Senator Marco Rubio Telephone Town Hall NICOLESmall businesses asking me about applying for SBA loans | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressSmall businesses asking me about applying for SBA loansSmall businesses asking me about applying for SBA loans: The paperwork is filed & New York businesses are now eligible for #SBA Economic Injury Disaster Loans. Please feel free to contact the #SBA Disaster Customer Service at 1-800-659-2955 or online: https://www.sba.gov/page/coronavirus-covid-19-small-business-guidance-loan-resources‬ This is in addition to the grant and loan programs NYC has: https://www1.nyc.gov/site/sbs/businesses/covid19-business-outreach.pageby Team Nicole on
                                                        Mar 20, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Guidance For Determining Whether A Business Enterprise Is Subject To A 75% Workforce Reduction Under Executive Order 202.6 Federal and State Income Tax Returns Will be Postponed 3 Months NICOLEGuidance For Determining Whether A Business Enterprise Is Subject To A 75% Workforce Reduction Under Executive Order 202.6 | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressGuidance For Determining Whether A Business Enterprise Is Subject To A 75% Workforce Reduction Under Executive Order 202.6Requests by businesses to be designated an essential function as described below, should only be made if they are NOT covered by the following guidance. BACKGROUND Requests by businesses to be designated an essential function as described above, should only be made if they are NOT covered by the guidance.On March 18, 2020, Executive Order 202.6 (or as revised) directed that all businesses and not-for-profit entities in New York State, shall utilize, to the maximum extent possible, any telecommuting or work from home procedures that they can safely utilize. It is directed that, no later than March 20, 2020 at 8 p.m., each for-profit or not-for profit employer (excluding state and local governments and authorities) shall reduce the in-person workforce at each business/work location by 75% from pre-state of emergency declaration employment levels. , including any for profit or non-profit, regardless of the nature of the service, the function they perform, or its corporate or entity structure, are not subject to the in-person restriction.  ( This guidance is issued by the New York State Department of Economic Development d/b/a Empire State Development and applies to each business location individually and is intended to assist businesses in determining whether they are an essential business and steps to request such designation.  With respect to business or entities that operate or provide both essential and non-essential services, supplies or support, only those lines and/or business operations that are necessary to support the essential services, supplies, or support are exempt from the restrictions. For purposes of Executive Order 202.6, “Essential Business,” means: If the function of your business is not listed above, but you believe that it is essential or it is an entity providing essential services or functions, you may request designation as an essential business. : For Guidance on cleaning and disinfection of facilities, refer to the New York State Department of Health Interim Guidance for Cleaning and Disinfection of Public and  Private Facilities for COVID -19 at  . For further information: New York State Department of Health’s COVID-19 Webpage  Center for Disease Control and Prevention Webpage: Local health department contact information can be found at:by Team Nicole on
                                                        Mar 20, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered by(enacted to address the COVID-19 Outbreak) If your question is not answered below, please contact ESD at our website at:  
Please find the Governor’s Executive Order  .  ESSENTIAL BUSINESSES OR ENTITIES 1. Essential health care operations including 2. Essential infrastructure including 3. Essential manufacturing including  4. Essential retail including 5. Essential services including 6. News media  7. Financial Institutions including 8. Providers of basic necessities to economically disadvantaged populations including 9. Construction including  10. Defense 11. Essential services necessary to maintain the safety, sanitation and essential operations of residences or other essential businesses including  12. Vendors that provide essential services or products, including logistics and technology support, child care and services needed to ensure the continuing operation of government agencies and provide for the health, safety and welfare of the public including  To request designation as an essential business, please  . Restrictions on requesting designation as an essential business share From New York State Department of Labor regarding Unemployment Benefits: Small businesses asking me about applying for SBA loans NICOLEEssential Businesses must continue to comply with the guidance and directives for maintaining a clean and safe work environment issued by the Department of Health).For those of you asking whether hydroxycloroquine is banned in New York: | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressFor those of you asking whether hydroxycloroquine is banned in New York:On March 28, the FDA signed an emergency authorization for the use of chloroquine to treat patients hospitalized with COVID-19. The day before that action, Cuomo amended his previous restrictions on the drug. The new rules allow health care providers to prescribe the drug for “patients in inpatient settings and acute settings; for residents in a subacute part of a skilled nursing facility; or as part of an study approved by an Institutional Review Board.” The change means that doctors in New York can now prescribe chloroquine to COVID-19 patients in hospitals and emergency rooms, but not in outpatient settings. It’s use for treatment of malaria, lupus, erythematosus and rheumatoid arthritis previously approved by the FDA remains unchanged.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Apr 04, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Have pets? Here’s a fact sheet on how to care for them during COVID19 Tested At The South Beach Site? Access Your COVID-19 Test Results Online NICOLEFrom New York State Department of Labor regarding Unemployment Benefits: | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressFrom New York State Department of Labor regarding Unemployment Benefits:We understand that there has been a lot of confusion over the past week, regarding labor and unemployment benefits. First, I want to thank you all for continuing to serve our residents through these challenging times. Second, the NYS Department of Labor is in fact experiencing high volumes of calls to our centers and log-ins to our website. They are causing massive delays but we are continuing to actively serve all residents of the State and have made necessary adjustments in order to combat these delays. Here are a few items that I would like to share with you and I encourage you to use for relevant inquiries from your constituencies. Anyone who meets the criteria for unemployment benefits will receive their benefit. Please be patient and keep trying. We have increased our server capacity, and bandwidth, in order to allow clients to complete their applications and get through our system. 
We have added additional staff to our call centers and they have already begun answering calls. We are also working on expanding our hours. As of March 20th 2020, New York State does not meet the guidelines that the Federal Government has set for the extended benefits. However, we are continuing to monitor with hope that we can receive the extension. Clients DO NOT have to file anything else with NYS-DOL besides their original unemployment filing.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Mar 20, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Malliotakis Discusses Release of Prisoners Due to Coronavirus on OAN Guidance For Determining Whether A Business Enterprise Is Subject To A 75% Workforce Reduction Under Executive Order 202.6 NICOLEMalliotakis: 'This Is a Time for Our Country to Come Together' | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis: ‘This Is a Time for Our Country to Come Together’Nicole Malliotakis appeared on Breitbart News Saturday to discuss the coronavirus outbreak across America, specifically in New York. “This is a time for our country to come together, and we’re seeing that with our president, and we’re seeing that with our governor coming together to serve the people of our state,” she added, saying it is a time to “put politics aside.”by Team Nicole on
                                                        Mar 22, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Support for Impacted Businesses: Resources Malliotakis Discusses Release of Prisoners Due to Coronavirus on OAN NICOLESupport for Impacted Businesses: Resources | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressSupport for Impacted Businesses: Resourcesby Team Nicole on
                                                        Mar 23, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Malliotakis Makes Plea for Supplies and Tax Relief on Piscopo Show Malliotakis: ‘This Is a Time for Our Country to Come Together’ NICOLEI'm asking Governor Cuomo to postpone the March 20 sales tax payment | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressI’m asking Governor Cuomo to postpone the March 20 sales tax paymentAfter speaking with restaurant and bar owners in my district forced to close by executive order, I’m asking Governor Cuomo to postpone the March 20 sales tax payment for affected businesses. They say this will lift a big burden off their shoulders as they cope with so many other issues right now.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Mar 17, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare If you need help from Social Security The New York State Liquor Authority offers the following guidance for takeout and delivery of alcoholic beverages NICOLEIf you need help from Social Security | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressIf you need help from Social SecurityBeginning today, Social Security offices will be closed and all business will be done by phone or online. If you need help from Social Security: · First, please use the secure and convenient online services available at  . You can apply for retirement, disability, and Medicare benefits online, check the status of an application or appeal, request a replacement Social Security card  · Your local office still will be able to provide critical services to help you apply for benefits, answer your questions, and provide other services over the phone. · If you already have an in-office appointment scheduled, they will call you to handle your appointment over the phone instead. If you have a hearing scheduled, they will call you to discuss alternatives for continuing with your hearing, including offering a telephonic hearing. Please remember that the employees will not threaten you or ask for any form of payment. · If you cannot complete your Social Security business online, please call our National 800 Number at 1-800-772-1213 (TTY 1-800-325-0778). Our National 800 Number has many automated service options you can use without waiting to speak with a telephone representative. A list of automated telephone services is available online at  .by Team Nicole on
                                                        Mar 17, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information (in most areas), print a benefit verification letter, and much more. NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Employers can now apply online for an employee retention grant I’m asking Governor Cuomo to postpone the March 20 sales tax payment NICOLECon Edison and National Grid have agreed to suspend utility shut-offs | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressCon Edison and National Grid have agreed to suspend utility shut-offsby Team Nicole on
                                                        Mar 16, 2020                         
                     
                             
         
     
 		
		
		
		 
		 				 
											 

		             
         Major utilities including Con Edison and National Grid have agreed to suspend utility shut-offs, a concern for people who may be out of work & cannot afford to pay their bills due to Coronavirus outbreak. I’m asking   to temporarily stop water bill collections too.Menu Menu COVID-19 Information NYC NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Mayor de Blasio should immediately suspend alternate side parking I urge Governor Cuomo to authorize an extension for residents and businesses to submit their income tax return NICOLEI urge Governor Cuomo to authorize an extension for residents and businesses to submit their income tax return | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressI urge Governor Cuomo to authorize an extension for residents and businesses to submit their income tax returnWhile we work diligently to contain the coronavirus, we also must recognize the economic hardship this outbreak is creating for most New Yorkers. I urge Governor Cuomo to authorize an extension for residents and businesses to submit their income tax returns similar to what President Trump has done on the federal level. In addition, I urge Mayor de Blasio to take action to provide the residents and affected businesses of New York City with similar relief on the collection of property taxes and water bills until this crisis is stabilized or comes to an end.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Mar 16, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Con Edison and National Grid have agreed to suspend utility shut-offs Mayor de Blasio has signed an Executive Order NICOLENYC public schools will close until at least April 20th | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressNYC public schools will close until at least April 20thby Team Nicole on
                                                        Mar 15, 2020                         
                     
                             
         
     
 		
		
		
		 
		 				 
											 

		             
         As per Mayor de Blasio, NYC public schools will close until at least April 20th as it includes the Spring Break which is already scheduled for April 8th – April 17th. For more information:Menu Menu COVID-19 Information NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Mayor de Blasio has signed an Executive Order NYC’s public schools should be closed FOX News NICOLEMayor de Blasio has signed an Executive Order | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMayor de Blasio has signed an Executive OrderMayor de Blasio has signed an Executive Order limiting restaurants, bars and cafes to food take-out and delivery. Nightclubs, movie theaters, small theater houses, and concert venues must all close. The order will go into effect Tuesday, March 17 at 9:00 AM. Governor Cuomo has added gyms and casinos. Obviously, this is very concerning as the economic impact may be too big for our neighborhood small businesses to recover from. Lets hope that this will be for only a short period and once this virus is contained we will need to have a larger discussion on economic relief for these businesses forced to close and their employees. I’ve urged the the Governor to extend the income tax deadline and the Mayor to freeze collection of property taxes and water bills for time being.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Mar 16, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare I urge Governor Cuomo to authorize an extension for residents and businesses to submit their income tax return NYC public schools will close until at least April 20th NICOLEMayor de Blasio should immediately suspend alternate side parking | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMayor de Blasio should immediately suspend alternate side parkingMayor de Blasio should immediately suspend alternate side parking for rest of March. You can’t move your car if you are under mandatory or precautionary quarantine. Lets make things easy for people during this state of emergency.‬by Team Nicole on
                                                        Mar 16, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare The New York State Liquor Authority offers the following guidance for takeout and delivery of alcoholic beverages Con Edison and National Grid have agreed to suspend utility shut-offs NICOLEThe New York State Liquor Authority offers the following guidance for takeout and delivery of alcoholic beverages | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressThe New York State Liquor Authority offers the following guidance for takeout and delivery of alcoholic beveragesThe New York State Liquor Authority offers the following guidance for takeout and delivery of alcoholic beverages with food orders: Any on-premises licensee and any manufacturing licensee with on-premises retail privileges may sell for off-premises consumption any alcoholic beverages that it is able to sell for on premises consumption under the law. For example, a tavern wine licensee may sell beer, wine, cider, mead, and wine product, but not liquor, and a farm winery may se Alcoholic beverage sold for off-premises consumption pursuant to this guidance may be sold in any closed and sealed original container of any size. Provided that: The sale of each container shall be accompanied by the purchase of food; Sales should be consistent with municipal open container ordinances. Alcoholic beverages sold for off-premises consumption pursuant to this guidance may be sold for takeout from the licensed premises or may be delivered to the customer’s residence. Deliveries shall be made in a vehicle permitted by the Authority (e.g., a third- party delivery service), or a vehicle-owned and -operated, or hired and operated by the licensee or its employee. A copy of the permit or license must be present in the vehicle. Alcoholic beverages sold for off-premises consumption pursuant to this guidance may only be sold during the on-premises hours of operation of the county in which the premises is located or, if different, the hours of operation set forth in the licensee’s method of operation with the Authority. Any licensed business found to be operating in violation of the Governor’s order restricting on-premises sales of alcoholic beverages shall face a monetary penalty (retail maximum of $10,000/manufacturer maximum of $100,000), and/or suspension, cancellation, or revocation of its license.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Mar 17, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information ll any New York State 
labeled wine, beer, cider, mead, or liquor, but not non-New York State products unless it has an on-premises license as well. NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare I’m asking Governor Cuomo to postpone the March 20 sales tax payment Mayor de Blasio should immediately suspend alternate side parking NICOLEEmployers can now apply online for an employee retention grant | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressEmployers can now apply online for an employee retention grantFrom the Mayor’s Office: Starting tomorrow (3/17), small businesses impacted by COVID-19 will be able to apply online for an employee retention grant. The team at the NYC Department of Small Business Services has also been working as quickly as possible to setup the zero-interest loan program, and will be sharing more information on that in the days ahead. Eligibility criteria for both programs are included below. We will continue to share updates on process and next steps.  Eligibility Criteria for the NYC Employee Retention Grant Program Businesses, including non-profits, must: ·Be located within the five boroughs of NYC 
·Demonstrate that the COVID-19 outbreak caused at least a 25% decrease in revenue 
·Employ 1-4 employees in total across all locations 
·Have been in operation for at least 6 months 
·Have no outstanding tax liens or legal judgements Eligibility Criteria for the NYC Small Business Continuity Fund Businesses must: 
·Be located within the five boroughs of NYC 
·Demonstrate that the COVID-19 outbreak caused at least a 25% decrease in revenue 
·Employ 99 employees or fewer in total across all locations 
·Demonstrate ability to repay the loan 
·Have no outstanding tax liens or legal judgements The situation is quickly changing. Please visit   for best business practices and updates regarding financial assistance.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Mar 17, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information In the meanwhile, please refer to the eligibility criteria, and encourage small businesses in your communities to begin putting together the necessary paperwork to demonstrate a revenue decrease. Documentation could include: point-of-sales reports, bank statements, quarterly sales tax filings, 2019 tax returns, or CPA-certified profit & loss statements.  NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Alternate Side Parking will be suspended in New York City If you need help from Social Security NICOLEYesterday President Trump declared a national state of emergency | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressYesterday President Trump declared a national state of emergencyYesterday President Trump declared a national state of emergency to mobilize federal resources to meet the challenges we face with the recent coronavirus outbre At the beginning of the month, I joined my colleagues in the state legislature to pass an emergency package helping municipalities and hospitals with the cost of healthcare personnel, protective equipment for first responders, testing for the virus, sanitization of transit systems and airports, and other critical public safety steps. Since then, I wrote to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services joining Governor Cuomo and others in urging FDA approval of New York’s request to contract with private labs to increase testing capacity and decrease turn around time. The new labs will be on line this upcoming week. Yesterday, all Staten Island elected officials met at Borough Hall and subsequently called on Mayor de Blasio to close public schools and senior centers. In the meantime, I’ve been in contact with the senior centers serving my district and delivered hand sanitizers to those which were lacking. If you or someone you know is a senior citizen who lives alone and cannot cook or shop, Meals on Wheels is still accepting new intakes for home meal delivery. On Staten Island, please call 718-727-4435 and in South Brooklyn, please call 718-680-3530. I’ve also been in contact with the NYPD and City Hall to ensure our police officers on the street have proper protective equipment. The Mayor announced 250,000 additional face masks will be allocated and increased based on need. All area hospitals ask that you call your primary physician first if you have the symptoms associated with coronavirus (fever, cough, difficulty breathing) to get proper instructions on next steps. During this challenging time, I want to express my deepest gratitude to our medical personnel, first responders, and all those working to keep our city and state running.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Mar 14, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information ak. This important step is the latest in a series or actions we are taking to make sure we protect the health and safety of Americans. NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare NYC’s public schools should be closed FOX News Message From NYC Board of Education NICOLEAlternate Side Parking will be suspended in New York City | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressAlternate Side Parking will be suspended in New York CityJUST IN: Starting tomorrow, March 18th and through Tuesday, March 24th, Alternate Side Parking will be suspended in New York City. We will provide updates on any further suspensions as we get closer to next Tuesday. Hopefully this is the last time I will posting about this and the Mayor will announce sooner, rather than later, that ASP is temporarily suspended. “Malliotakis, the lone Republican lawmaker in Brooklyn who represents parts of southern Brooklyn and Staten Island, told this paper that she has written to de Blasio urging him to temporarily suspend alternate side parking at least until the end of March.”by Team Nicole on
                                                        Mar 17, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Property tax bills: Calling on the mayor to provide relief Employers can now apply online for an employee retention grant NICOLEThere Will Be A Drive-Thru Testing Site In Each Of The Five Boroughs | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressThere Will Be A Drive-Thru Testing Site In Each Of The Five BoroughsThere will be a drive-thru testing site in each of the five boroughs. The Staten Island site, located at South Beach Psychiatric Center (corner of Fr. Capodanno Blvd. and Seaview Avenue), will be the first to open tomorrow Thursday March 19 by appointment only. While testing is open to all, you must first be screened to be referred for an appointment. If you are exhibiting symptoms and would like to be screened to take a swab test, please call NY State Department of Health at 888-364-3065.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Mar 18, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Staten Island Delegation Calling On Retired Healthcare Professionals To Volunteer To Staff COVID-19 Mobile Testing Site Property tax bills: Calling on the mayor to provide relief NICOLEStaten Island Delegation Calling On Retired Healthcare Professionals To Volunteer To Staff COVID-19 Mobile Testing Site | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressStaten Island Delegation Calling On Retired Healthcare Professionals To Volunteer To Staff COVID-19 Mobile Testing SiteStaten Island, NY – Joint statement by Borough President Oddo, Congressman Max Rose, District Attorney Michael E. McMahon, Senator Diane Savino, Senator Andrew Lanza, Assemblyman Michael Cusick, Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis, Assemblyman Mike Reilly, Assemblyman Charles Fall, Councilman Steven Matteo, Councilman Joe Borelli, and Councilwoman Debi Rose: “Common ground, common effort. This is how we, as your Staten Island representatives, have operated in response to this crisis, and now we are calling on our constituents to do the same. If you are, or know someone who is, willing to share their time and expertise to fight this crisis your service will be deeply appreciated. We thank Governor Cuomo for his leadership through this crisis, and for his work to expand testing in New York City.” In response to the growing number of COVID-19 case numbers, Governor Andrew Cuomo has authorized a drive-through testing facility to open on Staten Island, the first facility of its kind in New York City. The facility will open tomorrow, Thursday, March 19, 2020. At this time, Borough President James Oddo and the Staten Island delegation are working closely with the Office of the Governor to facilitate swab testing for COVID-19 to those who meet the necessary criteria. The testing is open to New York City Residents by appointment only from 11am to 7 pm at South Beach Psych Center (777 Seaview Avenue). Anyone who feels they are at risk should contact the NYS DOH Hotline at 888-364-3065 to determine if and how to be tested. If it is determined an individual needs to be tested, they will receive notice directly from NYS DOH. An appointment must be made in order to receive a test. Individuals who show up without an appointment will be turned away. The State is seeking the help of qualified retired health professionals—including Licensed Practical Nurses, Registered Nurses and Physicians—to volunteer to staff the mobile testing unit. If you are a retired health professional and looking to help with the crisis at hand, please consider volunteering. Shifts will be a minimum of 2 hours; a minimum of 6 hours of service over the following weeks is required. Potential volunteers should fill out the following online form to be considered for a volunteer position: www.statenislandusa.com/virusvolunteers.html. Volunteers will be promoted to enter their Name, Phone number, New York State Certification Number and Availability. According to NYS DOH, drive-through mobile testing facilities help keep people who are sick or at risk of having contracted coronavirus out of healthcare facilities where they could infect other people. To that end, the guidance for receiving a COVID-19 test is unchanged from the guidance provided at any other medical facility. Until New York State is at full capacity for testing, the Department of Health has issued guidance to ensure that New York State prioritizes the resources to meet the most urgent public health need. Testing for COVID-19 shall be authorized by a health care provider when: An individual has come within proximate contact (same classroom, office, or gatherings) of another person known to be positive; or 
An individual has traveled to a country that the CDC has issued a Level 2 or Level 3 Travel Health Notice, and shows symptoms of illness; or 
An individual is quarantined (mandatory or precautionary) and has shown symptoms of COVID-19 illness; or 
An individual is symptomatic and has not tested positive for any other infection; or 
Other cases where the facts and circumstances warrant as determined by the treating clinician in consultation with state and local department of health officials. On Sunday, March 15, 2020, the entire Staten Island delegation made an announcement to encourage Staten Islanders to re-evaluate their social distancing behaviors, including to: Stay home as much as possible; keep 6 feet of distance from others in public; and minimize in-person social contact in order to reduce the spread of COVID-19.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Mar 18, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byStaten Island Delegation calling on retired healthcare professionals to volunteer to staff COVID-19 Mobile Testing site Mobile Testing site to open TOMORROW on Staten Island; Volunteers have requirement of 2 hour minimum shifts share Malliotakis: Releasing Prisoners During Coronavirus Crisis is Insane There Will Be A Drive-Thru Testing Site In Each Of The Five Boroughs NICOLEProperty tax bills: Calling on the mayor to provide relief | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressProperty tax bills: Calling on the mayor to provide reliefI’ve had discussions with the Mayor’s Office about property taxes and water bills and followed up with this letter cosigned by Congressman Rose & Councilman Matteo, requesting that the collection of both be suspended until the #COVID19 crisis comes to an end or is stabilized. I’m hoping Mayor de Blasio does the right thing here for struggling residents and businesses. With property tax bills due April 1 and quarterly water bills set to be sent soon, we are calling on the mayor to provide relief by alleviating uncertainty for both local businesses dealing with government mandates and residents who are either sick or out of work due to these temporary closures.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Mar 18, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare There Will Be A Drive-Thru Testing Site In Each Of The Five Boroughs Alternate Side Parking will be suspended in New York City NICOLEDOHMH Is Now Posting A Daily COVID-19 Report | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressDOHMH Is Now Posting A Daily COVID-19 ReportMy colleagues and I have been pushing for more information on coronavirus testing and positive cases and a better breakdown of the information.  DOHMH is now posting a daily report that has all kinds of data (including borough breakdowns). To access the info please visit: 
 Scroll to “Daily Syndromic and Case Data Update” Click “COVID-19 Daily Case Data Summary (PDF)”:by Team Nicole on
                                                        Mar 19, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Coronavirus (Covid-19) Drive-Thru Testing Sites Now Open Governor Cuomo Announces Mortgage Payments Will Be Waived for Those Affected NICOLEGovernor Cuomo Announces Mortgage Payments Will Be Waived for Those Affected | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressGovernor Cuomo Announces Mortgage Payments Will Be Waived for Those AffectedGovernor Cuomo made a wise move today with the announcement that mortgage payments will be waived along with late fees and suspending foreclosures for 90 days for people who have been laid off or who are otherwise facing financial hardships due to the outbreak. I was among those urging the Governor’s Office to take this action.  We know people are experiencing tremendous economic pressure due to  . To help, NYS will direct mortgage payments be WAIVED for 90 days based on financial hardship (w/ no late fees & no negative impact on credit). We will help New Yorkers suffering financially. — Andrew Cuomo (@NYGovCuomo)    We are waiting on specifics but he said “If you are not working, or working only part-time, we will have banks and financial institutions waive mortgage payments for 90 days.” This move will take a lot of stress of the backs off hardworking New Yorkers who have been laid-off or are working reduced hours.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Mar 19, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare DOHMH Is Now Posting A Daily COVID-19 Report Malliotakis: Releasing Prisoners During Coronavirus Crisis is Insane NICOLECoronavirus (Covid-19) Drive-Thru Testing Sites Now Open | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressCoronavirus (Covid-19) Drive-Thru Testing Sites Now OpenThere will be a drive-thru testing site in each of the five boroughs. The Staten Island site, located at South Beach Psychiatric Center (corner of Fr. Capodanno Blvd. and Seaview Avenue), opened Thursday March 19 by appointment only. While testing is open to all, you must first be screened to be referred for an appointment. If you are exhibiting symptoms and would like to be screened to take a swab test, please call NY State Department of Health at  . 
Call  
Callby Team Nicole on
                                                        Mar 19, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byStaten Island Brooklyn, Queens, Manhattan, and Bronx share President Donald Trump Education Department Testing and Loan Update DOHMH Is Now Posting A Daily COVID-19 Report NICOLELive Facebook Q&A with Dr. Salvatore Volpe April 13th 7pm | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressLive Facebook Q&A with Dr. Salvatore Volpe April 13th 7pmWe will discuss: Precautions to take at home if you live with someone with COVID How to handle mail, packages, groceries Caring for pets if you have COVID or if you are caring for a COVID patient’s pet. And we’ll answer your questions.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Apr 13, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Hospital Visitation Guidelines Update – The State Department of Health IMPORTANT UPDATE FOR RETIRED PEOPLE who aren’t typically required to file a tax return NICOLECOVID-19 Testing | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressCOVID-19 TestingFor those of you who were tested for COVID-19 at the Staten Island South Beach site of another state site and have been waiting for results, you can access them online. Staffing has been increased and 750 tests were done today. Beginning tomorrow, the site will be able to conduct up to 1,000 tests a day, so the backlog will start to reduce. Great news for our NYPD. The department has arranged to provide free testing to all symptomatic members of the force. No appointment necessary. While testing is open to all, you must first be screened to be referred for an appointment. If you are exhibiting symptoms and would like to be screened to take a swab test, please call NY State Department of Health at 888-364-3065.Menu Menu posts categorized in READ post READ post READ post READ post STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare share share share NICOLEMalliotakis Applauds Fixes to Botched Bail Law as Big Step | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis Applauds Fixes to Botched Bail Law as Big Step                 Rest of New York State Budget Spends and Borrows Too MuchThe bill likewise adds a large number of offenses to the list of “qualifying offenses” that are eligible for bail: Bail is likewise available where the offense charged is: Additionally, the legislation adds to the list of available court conditions as part of non-monetary release:. Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis, a leader in the fight to fix the botched bail reform law, applauded the changes being adopted in the state budget. Many of them were solutions she proposed and the fixes included adding a large number of offenses that are reflected in legislation she drafted. The changes also reflect additional court conditions that can be set as part of non-monetary release, such as: surrender of the defendant’s passport, court orders of protection and placing the defendant in a hospital providing mental health services. The changes also fix issues that district attorneys had with discovery reform, as well as better protect victims and witnesses personal information. “It’s been a long-fought battle but we persisted and were able to achieve significant changes to the botched bail reform adopted by the governor with one-party rule in last year’s budget,” said Malliotakis. “Not only did we add a significant number of offenses to those that qualify for bail, we added provisions to stop “unlimited chances” by ensuring that a person who either commits a crime after being released on their own recognizance, is on probation or is on post release supervision will have to face a judge in court who will be able to set bail. I’m happy to have worked with the District Attorneys’ Association, police unions, my colleagues and the public to demand common-sense changes to protect public safety. While more can still be done to make the law better, this is a big step in the right direction.” Malliotakis applauded a few other budget highlights including the Subway Sex Offender Ban, which allows both courts and the Metropolitan Transportation Authority to issue orders of protections, or administrative prohibition orders, to individuals who commit unlawful sexual acts in MTA facilities; as well as efforts in combating opioid addiction by banning fentanyl analogs and adding various fentanyl and fentanyl related substances to the list of Schedule I Controlled Substances. The   does not consider the fiscal gloom our state is facing. It spends too much. It borrows too much. And, it adds ZERO to our Rainy Day Reserves. We already had a $6B deficit.   adding a $10B loss in revenue. The sky is dark & stormy. It’s about to pour. — Nicole Malliotakis (@NMalliotakis)    Malliotakis unfortunately had to vote against other portions of the budget, saying “it spends too much, borrows too much and puts zero in the state’s rainy day fund. The year already started off dark and stormy with a $6 billion deficit, and now it’s about to pour with the anticipated $10 billion loss in sales tax revenue due to COVID-19. This year’s budget completely ignores the fiscal gloom our state is facing.”by Team Nicole on
                                                        Apr 03, 2020Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis Class A-I felony drug offenses; Sex trafficking; Money laundering in support of terrorism in the 3 rd and 4 th degrees; Promoting an obscene sexual performance by a child; Promoting a sexual performance by a child; Any crime that is alleged to cause the death of another person; Criminal obstruction of breathing or blood circulation, strangulation in the 2nd degree, or unlawful imprisonment 1st where committed against a member of the same family or household; Aggravated vehicular assault in the 1st degree; Vehicular assault in the 1st degree Assault in the 3rd degree or arson in the 3rd degree when charged as a hate crime; Aggravated assault upon a person less than eleven years old; Criminal possession of a weapon on school grounds; Grand larceny in the 1st degree: Enterprise corruption; Money laundering in the 1st degree; Failure to register as a sex offender or endangering the welfare of a child where the defendant is registered as a level three sex offender; and Bail jumping or escape from custody. A felony offense committed while the principal is serving a sentence of probation or while released to post release supervision; A felony where the defendant qualifies for sentencing on such charge as a persistent felony offender; and A felony or class A misdemeanor involving harm to an identifiable person or property, where such charge arose from conduct occurring while the defendant was released on his or her own recognizance or released under conditions for a separate felony or class A misdemeanor; provided that the prosecutor can show reasonable cause to believe the defendant committed the crime and any underlying crime. Surrender of the principal’s passport; The principal must refrain from associating with certain individuals who are connected with the case, including victims, witnesses, or co-defendants; The principal must be referred to a pretrial service agency for placement in mandatory programming, including counseling, treatment, and intimate partner violence intervention programs; The principal must be removed to a hospital authorized under Section 9.43 of the Mental Hygiene Law; The principal shall make diligent efforts to maintain employment, housing, or enrollment in school or educational programming; and/or; The principal must obey orders of protection or court conditions set in order to implement a safety plan made by an alleged victim of a family offense. NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Free COVID-19 Testing for Members of the NYPD Medical Volunteers Wanted & Are Signing Up! NICOLEPress Releases | Nicole Malliotakis for Congress - Part 11Press ReleasesPosts navigationNicole Malliotakis appeared on Breitbart News Saturday to discuss the coronavirus outbreak across America, specifically in New York. Nicole Malliotakis appeared on One America News to discuss U.S. prisons, such as Rikers Island in New York City, releasing their inmates as the novel coronavirus continues to spread. The deadline for filing of FEDERAL of income tax returns will be postponed 3 months from April 15 to July 15 because of the coronavirus outbreak, feds announced. The deadline for filing of FEDERAL of income tax returns will be postponed 3 months from April 15 to July 15 because of the coronavirus outbreak, feds announced. The deadline for filing of FEDERAL of income tax returns will be postponed 3 months from April 15 to July 15 because of the coronavirus outbreak, feds announced. The deadline for filing of FEDERAL of income tax returns will be postponed 3 months from April 15 to July 15 because of the coronavirus outbreak, feds announced. The Education Department will not enforce federal rules on standardized testing for K-12 schools and will allow federal student loan borrowers to suspend payments for at least 60 days. While testing is open to all, you must first be screened to be referred for an appointment. If you are exhibiting symptoms and would like to be screened to take a swab test, please call NY State Department of Health at 888-364-3065. My colleagues and I have been pushing for more information on coronavirus testing and positive cases and a better breakdown of the information. DOHMH is now posting a daily report that has all kinds of data (including borough breakdowns). Governor Cuomo made a wise move today with the announcement that mortgage payments will be waived along with late fees and suspending foreclosures for 90 days for people who have been laid off or who are otherwise facing financial hardships due to the outbreak. Even during an emergency situation, we shockingly still see members of Congress attempting to use the crisis to push their radical agenda. If you are, or know someone who is, willing to share their time and expertise to fight this crisis your service will be deeply appreciated. The Staten Island site, located at South Beach Psychiatric Center (corner of Fr. Capodanno Blvd. and Seaview Avenue), will be the first to open tomorrow Thursday March 19 by appointment only. With property tax bills due April 1 and quarterly water bills set to be sent soon, we are calling on the mayor to provide relief by alleviating uncertainty for both local businesses and residents. JUST IN: Starting tomorrow, March 18th and through Tuesday, March 24th, Alternate Side Parking will be suspended in New York City. We will provide updates on any further suspensions as we get closer to next Tuesday. Hopefully this is the last time I will posting about this and the Mayor will announce sooner, rather than […]Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post … 11 … STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare share share share share share share share share share share share share share share NICOLEMalliotakis Makes Plea for Supplies and Tax Relief on Piscopo Show | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis Makes Plea for Supplies and Tax Relief on Piscopo ShowSpeaking with Joe Piscopo, Nicole discusses her push to get Mayor de Blasio to freeze collection of property taxes and water bills and the need to better protect city workers from COVID-19.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Mar 25, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare NY State Mental Health Hotline Support for Impacted Businesses: Resources NICOLEHospital Visitation Guidelines Update – The State Department of Health | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressHospital Visitation Guidelines Update – The State Department of Healthby Team Nicole on
                                                        Apr 13, 2020                         
                     
                             
         
     
 		
		
		
		 
		 				 
											 

		             
         The State Department of Health has updated guidelines to allow a support person to be present for patients in imminent end-of-life situations. 
 
 One family member and/or legal representative at a time as a support person should be permitted at the patient bedside, where death is anticipated within less than 24 hours. 
 
 The patient and/or family/caregiver may designate up to two support people; but only one support person may be present at a time. 
 
 In the event the patient is a parent of a minor child, one adult family member and one child may be permitted at the patient bedside. 
 
 This restriction must be explained to the patient and/or support person in plain terms, upon arrival or, ideally, prior to arriving at the hospital. Hospital staff should ensure that patients and/or support person fully understand this restriction. Individuals age 70 years or older, are not encouraged to be support persons at this time due to increased risk of COVID-19 infection. 
 
 The support person of a patient with confirmed or suspected COVID-19 who has been a close contact of the patient has potentially already been exposed to COVID-19. These support persons should: 
 
 • Wear a surgical or procedure mask throughout their time in the hospital, 
 • Practice scrupulous hand hygiene, 
 • Remain in the patient’s room except for entrance and exit from the hospital; and 
 • While in the room, a gown and gloves should be worn to prevent the person’s hands or 
 clothes from becoming contaminated. Eye protection should be worn while in the room if available. 
 
 If the support person of a patient with confirmed or suspected COVID-19 has not been a close contact of the patient and does not have a history of confirmed COVID-19, the support person should: 
 
 • Wear a surgical or procedure mask throughout their time in the hospital, 
 • Practice scrupulous hand hygiene, 
 • Remain in the patient’s room except for entrance and exit from the hospital, and 
 • While in the patient’s room, a gown and gloves should be worn to prevent the person’s 
 hands or clothes from becoming contaminated. Eye protection should be worn while in the room if available. 
 • Again, in these circumstances the risks of acquiring COVID-19 should be fully explained, so that the patient and support person can make an informed decision of whether or not the support person’s presence at the patient bedside is essential to the patient’s health. 
 
 If the patient does not have confirmed or suspected COVID-19, the support person should: 
 
 • Wear a surgical or procedure mask throughout their time in the hospital, 
 • Practice scrupulous hand hygiene, and 
 • Remain in the patient’s room except for entrance and exit from the hospital.Menu Menu COVID-19 Information NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare New Yorkers who have recovered from COVID19 & had a positive test before March 7th can possibly help save another Live Facebook Q&A with Dr. Salvatore Volpe April 13th 7pm NICOLEMalliotakis: Gov. Cuomo Wrong on Green Light Law | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis: Gov. Cuomo Wrong on Green Light Law                 New York Needs to Accept Guidelines Used by 49 other StatesAssemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis today called on Gov. Andrew Cuomo to “stop his theatrics and his cynical political grandstanding” related to the state’s ill-conceived and poorly named ‘Green Light Law,’ which undercuts both federal and state law enforcement and has resulted in federal action blocking New Yorkers from registering for Global Entry and other Trusted Traveler programs that speed up international travel. Malliotakis has been working with The Department of Homeland Security (DHS) to craft a bill that would satisfy the department’s requirements and restore Global Entry status. The department has told Malliotakis that it only needs Customs and Border Protection (CBP) to have its access to the Department of Motor Vehicles (DMV) database restored. Malliotakis will be submitting legislation to restore the agency’s access and rectify the issue. Malliotakis said, “We don’t need the Gov. wasting taxpayer money on a costly lawsuit. We just need him to work with us to restore CBP’s access to the DMV database so they can check to see if anyone applying for Global Entry has pending criminal charges. It’s that simple. “Gov. Andrew Cuomo needs to stop his theatrics and his cynical political grandstanding that have slowed international travel for New York residents. His rhetoric and his actions are merely highlighting a simple truth; New York is the only state in the nation that currently does not comply with the regulations key to protecting our nation from a potential terrorist attack. 14 other states provide driver’s licenses to those in the country illegally and those 14 other states do not have this problem because they comply with DHS requirements. The Green Light Law is merely one of many far-left initiatives passed by the Legislature and signed into law by Gov. Cuomo that share some common threads; they deconstruct the common sense laws that protect all New Yorkers while throwing roadblocks in front of the federal, state and local law enforcement agencies that are entrusted with enforcing these laws.” The Green Light Law, which took effect this year, allows illegal immigrants to apply for New York state Driver’s licenses without proper vetting of background information.  Shockingly, the law also requires that the Department of Motor Vehicles notify the license holder within three days when a law enforcement agency has requested their personal information.  It also prohibits local law enforcement from sharing information with federal partners. New York is the only state in the nation that has run afoul of the Department of Homeland Security regulations implemented as a response to the terrorist attacks of 9/11. Department of Homeland Security says 80,000 New Yorkers who applied are now prevented from being approved for the program, and the agency anticipates up to 200,000 New York residents will seek to renew membership in a CBP Trusted Traveler Program in 2020, but will be unable to. Additionally, 30,000 commercial truck drivers enrolled in the FAST program and four New York-Canada ports of entry are also impacted.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Feb 12, 2020Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare President Trump Endorses Nicole Malliotakis for Congress NYC Council Minority Leader Steve Matteo Backs Nicole Malliotakis for Congress NICOLENY State Mental Health Hotline | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressNY State Mental Health HotlineNew York State has set up a hotline with 6,175 mental health professionals who volunteered to speak with those experiencing stress, anxiety and depression. Please share with those who may need someone to talk to:by Team Nicole on
                                                        Mar 25, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Malliotakis proposes Victory Memorial Hospital be reactivated for coronavirus patients Malliotakis Makes Plea for Supplies and Tax Relief on Piscopo Show NICOLEMalliotakis Elevated to "Contender" in the NRCC's Young Guns Program | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis Elevated to “Contender” in the NRCC’s Young Guns Program                 Unstoppable Momentum BuildingAssemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis, the Republican and Conservative Party candidate in New York’s 11th Congressional District (Brooklyn/Staten Island), was named a “Contender” today by House Republican Leader Kevin McCarthy and the National Republican Congressional Committee (NRCC). Malliotakis was one of 35 candidates elevated to the “Contender” level, the second tier of the NRCC’s 2020 Young Guns program. The NRCC’s Young Guns program requires candidates to work towards specific goals and meet benchmarks throughout the election cycle to ensure their campaigns remain competitive, well-funded and communicative within their districts. Contender candidates have completed stringent program metrics and are on the path to developing a mature and competitive campaign operation. Malliotakis campaign spokesman Rob Ryan said, “Today’s announcement by House Republican Leader Kevin McCarthy and the NRCC, coupled with last Wednesday’s endorsement by President Donald Trump, are proof-positive of the unstoppable momentum building around the congressional campaign of Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis. Over the past year, Nicole Malliotakis has built a formidable campaign operation with one goal in mind; defeating Congressman Max Rose and returning the congressional seat to Republican hands. Whether it’s the fact that Max Rose votes with Nancy Pelosi 97% of the time or his support of the impeachment of President Trump, one thing is abundantly clear; Max Rose doesn’t represent the values of the voters of Staten Island and Southern Brooklyn.”by Team Nicole on
                                                        Feb 19, 2020Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Staten Island GOP’s County Committee Backs Malliotakis for U.S. Congress President Trump Endorses Nicole Malliotakis for Congress NICOLENew Yorkers who have recovered from COVID19 & had a positive test before March 7th can possibly help save another | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressNew Yorkers who have recovered from COVID19 & had a positive test before March 7th can possibly help save anotherby Team Nicole on
                                                        Apr 14, 2020                         
                     
                             
         
     
 		
		
		
		 
		 				 
											 

		             
         
 Individuals who have recovered from COVID19  may have convalescent plasma in their blood, which has antibodies against the virus and could help with the development of a treatment for the virus. More information about how to donate with the New York Blood Center is available here:  
 
 
 
 Also, Mount Sinai is investigating antibody testing & blood plasma therapy as a way to combat coronavirus in sick patients. New Yorkers who have recovered from COVID19 & had a positive test before March 7th can possibly help save another by donating plasmaMenu Menu COVID-19 Information NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare New York Public Library still has virtual resources to offer Hospital Visitation Guidelines Update – The State Department of Health NICOLEMalliotakis proposes Victory Memorial Hospital be reactivated for coronavirus patients | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis proposes Victory Memorial Hospital be reactivated for coronavirus patientsRight now, expanding hospital bed capacity is a priority. I have proposed using the decommissioned Victory Memorial Hospital site in Brooklyn to help meet the need in the borough. It’s a 254 bed site located at the border of Bay Ridge and Dyker Heights that is currently not being utilized to its potential. Today I wrote a follow up letter to Governor Andrew Cuomo and Borough President Eric Adams and I continue to urge that it be explored to meet the demand we face.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Mar 26, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Mayor de Blasio must do more to provide frontline workers with the protection NY State Mental Health Hotline NICOLEMalliotakis Discusses Release of Prisoners Due to Coronavirus on OAN | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis Discusses Release of Prisoners Due to Coronavirus on OANNicole Malliotakis appeared on One America News to discuss U.S. prisons, such as Rikers Island in New York City, releasing their inmates as the novel coronavirus continues to spread.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Mar 22, 2020Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Malliotakis: ‘This Is a Time for Our Country to Come Together’ From New York State Department of Labor regarding Unemployment Benefits: NICOLEStaten Island GOP's County Committee Backs Malliotakis for U.S. Congress | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressStaten Island GOP’s County Committee Backs Malliotakis for U.S. CongressAssemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis said, Thursday night’s endorsement and designation by the Staten Island Republican County Committee and its Chairman, Brendan Lantry, brings me a step closer to taking on Congressman Max Rose in the November election. Their support in my five successful campaigns for the State Assembly and my support of Republican principles like lower taxes, less spending and a government which works for the people and not the special interests have made us a winning team. I thank the committee and Chairman Lantry for their faith in my candidacy and the support they’ll provide my campaign. “Now we will move forward, focused on building the coalitions and raising the money needed to defeat Max Rose and the out-of-state liberals who are funding his campaign. Make no mistake; Max Rose claims to be a moderate, but his votes for impeachment, his support of Alexandria Ocasio Cortez and Ilhan Omar, and his voting with Nancy Pelosi 98% of the time prove otherwise. It’s time to return the 11th Congressional District to Republican hands so we have a representative in Washington who will stand with President Trump as he works to reduce taxes, grow the American economy, build a border wall and create solutions to give all Americans a healthcare system that works.”by Team Nicole on
                                                        Feb 28, 2020Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Malliotakis, Raptakis Urge EU & USA To Help As Turkey Floods Greece With Refugees Malliotakis Elevated to “Contender” in the NRCC’s Young Guns Program NICOLEMayor de Blasio must do more to provide frontline workers with the protection | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMayor de Blasio must do more to provide frontline workers with the protectionEvery day more firefighters, police officers, sanitation workers and other essential employees in New York City are getting sick. Local elected officials are working together to deliver donated supplies as we get them but the need is great and Mayor de Blasio must do more⁩ to provide frontline workers with the protection they need and deserve. We will continue gathering as many supplies as possible while advocating for the city to do the right thing. If you have supplies like masks, gloves or hospital gowns to donate, please email me atby Team Nicole on
                                                        Mar 26, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information [email protected] NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare SUSPEND METERS NOW Malliotakis proposes Victory Memorial Hospital be reactivated for coronavirus patients NICOLENew York Public Library still has virtual resources to offer | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressNew York Public Library still has virtual resources to offerWhile local libraries are physically closed, New York Public Library reminds us that you can still access a wide range of books online. Here are some additional resources our libraries continue to offer:by Team Nicole on
                                                        Apr 14, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare WATCH: Nicole Malliotakis & Dr. Volpe answer your questions and concerns about COVID-19 New Yorkers who have recovered from COVID19 & had a positive test before March 7th can possibly help save another NICOLEWATCH: How to Make Your own Face Covering | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressWATCH: How to Make Your own Face CoveringWith Governor Cuomo mandating face coverings where social distancing is not possible, like buses and the subway, here is how you can make a face covering out of things you have at home:by Team Nicole on
                                                        Apr 16, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Malliotakis asks state to plan for elective surgeries WATCH: Nicole Malliotakis & Dr. Volpe answer your questions and concerns about COVID-19 NICOLEWATCH: Nicole Malliotakis & Dr. Volpe answer your questions and concerns about COVID-19 | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressWATCH: Nicole Malliotakis & Dr. Volpe answer your questions and concerns about COVID-19by Team Nicole on
                                                        Apr 14, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information If you missed our live stream, you can watch the complete discussion with Dr. Volpe here. to answer your questions and concerns about COVID-19 NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare WATCH: How to Make Your own Face Covering New York Public Library still has virtual resources to offer NICOLEMalliotakis asks state to plan for elective surgeries | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis asks state to plan for elective surgeriesby Team Nicole on
                                                        Apr 21, 2020                         
                     
                             
         
     
 		
		
		
		 
		 				 
											 

		             
         The New York State Department of Health needs to develop a timeline to lift the ban on     and reschedule procedures throughout the state, beginning with those addressing life-threatening conditions. Assemblywoman Malliotakis spoke with the Governor’s staff last week and wrote a follow-up letter urging action. 
 
 “We look to your office and the New York State Department of Health to provide consistent, prudent guidance as to proper prioritization of   cases, in consultation with hospital administrators and leadership of the various statewide   sub-specialty societies to reduce and eliminate the backlog of   cases existing to New York State residents expediently and safely,” Malliotakis wrote. 
 
 Read more here:Menu Menu COVID-19 Information elective surgeries surgical surgical surgical elective surgeries NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Malliotakis Urges Governor to Develop Timeline to Resume Elective Surgeries WATCH: How to Make Your own Face Covering NICOLE10,000 face shields in memory of Andreas Koutsoudakis | Nicole Malliotakis for Congress10,000 face shields in memory of Andreas KoutsoudakisI wanted to let you know about something that touched my heart. I’ve known the Koutsoudakis family since I was a little girl as both our families are parishioners at Holy Trinity St. Nicholas Greek Orthodox Church. Sadly Andreas Koutsoudakis, a Staten Islander and well known owner of Tribeca’s Kitchen, passed away on March 27th from complications due to COVID-19. Within just a few days, his son Andrew contacted me wanting to help the front-line healthcare workers who cared for his father. Andrew raised $55,000 using GoFundMe to purchase protective equipment and supplies for the nurses and staff at local hospitals, nursing homes and group homes serving those with developmental disabilities in his father’s memory. On Friday, which was Good Friday for the Greek Orthodox faith, Andrew and our team began delivering 10,000 face shields to over two dozen organizations across Staten Island and South Brooklyn. We will soon distribute another 8,000 N-95 masks. It’s touching to have played a small role in this fitting memorial to a beloved individual. I want to thank the family and all those who played a part in this effort. Please keep the Koutsoudakis family and those who lost loved ones during this crisis in your thoughts and prayers. Read more here –by Team Nicole on
                                                        Apr 22, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Fact Sheet: COVID-19 Response Efforts Malliotakis Urges Governor to Develop Timeline to Resume Elective Surgeries NICOLEMalliotakis Speaks at #StandWithGreece Rally in Astoria, NYC | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis Speaks at #StandWithGreece Rally in Astoria, NYCThis weekend, Nicole was proud to stand with New York’s Greek community at the #StandWithGreece Rally in Athens Square, Astoria NYC. Proud to stand with New York’s Greek community in support of Greece. Just like the USA 🇺🇸 Greece 🇬🇷 has the right to secure its borders.    — Nicole Malliotakis (@NMalliotakis)  Every nation has the right to secure its borders. That is true for both the U.S. and Greece. Both nations have long, proud histories of showing compassion toward immigrants and refugees. However, they must also have the ability to control the flow of immigration and know who is entering their country for security, health and economic reasons.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Mar 09, 2020Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byThe European Union and the United States must stand with Greece and make clear to Turkey that it cannot continue to take steps to fuel this problem and sow chaos throughout the region. share Senior centers are closing but offering “grab-and-go” meals Take Action: Stop The Democrats Radical New Bail “Reform” Law NICOLEMessage From NYC Board of Education | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMessage From NYC Board of EducationI.S. 27 Staten Island has a confirmed case of coronavirus in the school community. The school will be cleaned and disinfected over the weekend in accordance with New York State Department of Health guidelines and must be complete before accepting returning students. As a reminder, NYCDOE routinely conducts deep cleanings in schools and programs. During this time, the DOE and the NYC Health Department will determine any further next steps that need to be taken. We anticipate that we will be able to perform all necessary steps over the weekend, and we anticipate that we will have school open on Monday, March 16, 2020, pending confirmation from the NYC Health Department. Parents will be notified in advance of the reopening time. We will confirm status of school for this upcoming Monday by Sunday, March 15. Every elected official on Staten Island has jointly called for schools to be closed next week.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Mar 14, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Yesterday President Trump declared a national state of emergency Brooklyn elementary Catholic Schools closing for the week of Mar 16th NICOLEBrooklyn elementary Catholic Schools closing for the week of Mar 16th | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressBrooklyn elementary Catholic Schools closing for the week of Mar 16thI’ve just been informed by the Diocese that  elementary Catholic Schools will join Staten Island Catholic elementary schools in closing for the week March 16. Please check with individual high schools as they make their own determination.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Mar 13, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information  Brooklyn NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Message From NYC Board of Education Meeting today of all Staten Island elected officials at Borough Hall NICOLEMeeting today of all Staten Island elected officials at Borough Hall | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMeeting today of all Staten Island elected officials at Borough HallFollowing a meeting today of all   elected officials at Borough Hall, “we are calling on Mayor Bill de Blasio to close New York City Public Schools, grades 3-K through 12, for one week to allow for all school buildings to be completely sanitized and to allow for further assessment of the COVID-19 situation, to be reassessed at the end of that week. Essential to this plan is developing a program to allow for children who need shelter and food to be cared for during this time.” “In addition, we are reiterating our position on closing Senior Centers throughout the City to safeguard older adults who are in the high-risk category, pending an appropriate course of action to ensure safety and nutrition for all seniors in the program.”by Team Nicole on
                                                        Mar 13, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information Staten Island NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Brooklyn elementary Catholic Schools closing for the week of Mar 16th FDA to Increase in New York’s capacity for testing NICOLEMalliotakis: Releasing Prisoners During Coronavirus Crisis is Insane | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis: Releasing Prisoners During Coronavirus Crisis is InsaneEven during an emergency situation, we shockingly still see members of Congress attempting to use the crisis to push their radical agenda. Socialist Squad Member Ayanna Pressley is among those elected officials and left wing organizations using the Coronavirus as an opportunity to open up jails and release prisoners with no regard for public safety. New York State Assemblymember Nicole Malliotakis spoke with Tucker Carlson about this madness.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Mar 19, 2020Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Governor Cuomo Announces Mortgage Payments Will Be Waived for Those Affected Staten Island Delegation Calling On Retired Healthcare Professionals To Volunteer To Staff COVID-19 Mobile Testing Site NICOLEFact Sheet: COVID-19 Response Efforts | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressFact Sheet: COVID-19 Response Effortsby Team Nicole on
                                                        Apr 24, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Paycheck Protection Program Applications Resumes 10,000 face shields in memory of Andreas Koutsoudakis NICOLEPaycheck Protection Program Applications Resumes | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressPaycheck Protection Program Applications ResumesThe following entities affected by Coronavirus (COVID-19) may be eligible:by Team Nicole on
                                                        Apr 27, 2020                         
                     
                             
         
     
 		
		
		
		 
		 				 
											 

		             
         Reminder: The Small Business Administration has resumed accepting PPP loan applications today. We encourage those seeking assistance to file your application as soon as possible.Menu Menu COVID-19 Information   Frequently Asked Questions from Lenders and Borrowers: NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Fact Sheet: Overview of Federal Assistance Fact Sheet: COVID-19 Response Efforts NICOLEHeadspace Partners with New York State to Offer Free Relaxing Meditations & Sleep Aid | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressHeadspace Partners with New York State to Offer Free Relaxing Meditations & Sleep AidAs part of a special partnership with New York State, Headspace has put together a special FREE NY collection of meditation, sleep, and movement exercises to support you through stressful and challenging times. Helping you — and your fellow New Yorkers — stay strong and be kind to yourselves, with a New York state of mind. Meditation helps: As a believer in the benefits of meditation, I urge you to take advantage of this offer.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Apr 30, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare ASPCA Pet Hotline to Help Victims of COVID-19 Keeping Our Nation’s Food Supply Safe NICOLEKeeping Our Nation's Food Supply Safe | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressKeeping Our Nation’s Food Supply SafeYesterday, President Trump signed an Executive Order to preserve the safety of our Nation’s food supply chain. This order directs the Department of Agriculture to ensure America’s meat and poultry processors continue both safe and uninterrupted operations to the maximum extent possible. This action is part of continued efforts by President Trump to support our farmers and make sure Americans have food to put on their tables. In March, the President held a teleconference with grocery store executives to ensure essential products and food would remain available and accessible during the outbreak. In April, the President announced $16 billion in aid to farmers, ranchers, and food producers who experience economic losses during this pandemic. 
Through the Department of Agriculture, the Administration is purchasing $3 billion in fresh produce, dairy, and meat products of excess supply to assist Americans in need and producers with lost markets including those in New York. You can read the Executive Order here: https://www.whitehouse.gov/presidential-actions/executive-order-delegating-authority-dpa-respect-food-supply-chain-resources-national-emergency-caused-outbreak-covid-19/by Team Nicole on
                                                        Apr 29, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Headspace Partners with New York State to Offer Free Relaxing Meditations & Sleep Aid Fact Sheet: Overview of Federal Assistance NICOLEPress Releases | Nicole Malliotakis for Congress - Part 10Press ReleasesPosts navigationGreat news for our NYPD. The department has arranged to provide free testing to all symptomatic members of the force. No appointment necessary. Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis, a leader in the fight to fix the botched bail reform law, applauded the changes being adopted in the state budget.  The state will match them with the staffing needs at new medical facilities like those being set up at College of Staten Island and South Beach Psych Center on Staten Island, and the Javits Center in Manhattan. Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis appeared on PBS’ MetroFocus to discuss the Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic.  Supporting our economy, small businesses, hospitals and their workers, and others are the goals of the CARES Act, which is why these measures have been included since the legislation was first introduced. Important Information Regarding NYS Unemployment Benefits USNS Comfort is here to bring hope, support, care & comfort to the people of NYC – God Bless America!  Not only do they deserve the proper equipment and supplies, they also deserve better screening before and after their shift. Sanitation and other essential city workers are not receiving an adequate supply of protective equipment such as masks, gloves and hand sanitizers, Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis (R-Staten Island) told the Advance. With non-essential business being shut down, the majority of people utilizing these spaces are those under quarantine at the city and state’s urging or essential workers who are keeping the vital aspects of this city running during a crisis Every day more firefighters, police officers, sanitation workers and other essential employees in New York City are getting sick. Right now, expanding hospital bed capacity is a priority. I have proposed using the decommissioned Victory Memorial Hospital site in Brooklyn to help meet the need in the borough. New York State has set up a hotline with 6,175 mental health professionals who volunteered to speak with those experiencing stress, anxiety and depression.  Speaking with Joe Piscopo, Nicole discusses her push to get Mayor de Blasio to freeze collection of property taxes and water bills and the need to better protect city workers from COVID-19. Supporting Impacted Businesses: The Small Business Administration (SBA) has announced disaster loans which provide impacted businesses with up to $2 million.Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post … 10 … STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare share share share share share share share share share share share share share share NICOLEASPCA Pet Hotline to Help Victims of COVID-19 | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressASPCA Pet Hotline to Help Victims of COVID-19As part of the NYC Emergency Management Animal Planning Task Force, the ASPCA helped launch the NYC COVID-19 Pet Hotline to provide NYC residents with the emergency resources, support, and information needed to care for their pets during the COVID-19 crisis. This system will direct New Yorkers to vital services including pet food and pet supply distribution, emergency medical services, emergency animal boarding, and animal surrender services. If you or someone you know needs assistance- please call the  . The hotline will run from 8 am-8 pm ET, seven days per week.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Apr 30, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byNYC Covid-19 Pet Hotline at (877) 204-8821 share LIVE: ‘The Reopening of America’ Town Hall w/ Congressman Dan Crenshaw Headspace Partners with New York State to Offer Free Relaxing Meditations & Sleep Aid NICOLEMalliotakis to Mayor: Give restaurants a break | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis to Mayor: Give restaurants a breakJul 16, 2020Menu Menu Brooklyn Reporter NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byMalliotakis holds conference to discuss attack on 89-year-old woman lit on fire Restaurants befuddled by blitz visits from government agencies NICOLEMalliotakis Urges Governor to Develop Timeline to Resume Elective Surgeries | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis Urges Governor to Develop Timeline to Resume Elective SurgeriesThe New York State Department of Health needs to develop a timeline to lift the ban on elective surgeries and reschedule procedures throughout the state, beginning with those addressing life-threatening conditions. Assemblywoman Malliotakis spoke with the Governor’s staff last week and wrote a follow-up letter urging action. “We look to your office and the New York State Department of Health to provide consistent, prudent guidance as to proper prioritization of surgical cases, in consultation with hospital administrators and leadership of the various statewide surgical subspecialty societies to reduce and eliminate the backlog of surgical cases existing to New York State residents expediently and safely,” Malliotakis wrote. Read more here:by Team Nicole on
                                                        Apr 21, 2020Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare 10,000 face shields in memory of Andreas Koutsoudakis Malliotakis asks state to plan for elective surgeries NICOLEHave pets? Here's a fact sheet on how to care for them during COVID19 | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressHave pets? Here’s a fact sheet on how to care for them during COVID19COVID-19 and Animals FAQHow should I prepare for coronavirus Virus 2019 (COVID-19) if I have a pet?Take time now to make plans and prepare your pets in case you can no longer take care of your pets or have to go to the hospital due to COVID-19. For a downloadable guide you can complete to help with emergency planning for pets, visit nyc.gov and search for pets and service animals. Limited studies suggest that while dogs may be infected, they do not get sick or spread COVID-19. Cats can be infected, and there are a few reports of cats becoming sick. However, at this time there are no reports of cats spreading COVID-19 to people. There are no reports that viruses which may cause respiratory disease, including COVID-19, can be spread from a pet’s fur, however, as a precaution, those with COVID-19 should prevent anyone from having direct contact with pets. Although there is currently no evidence that pets can transmit COVID-19, this is a new virus and it is not fully understood. For this reason, it is best to limit contact with your pets if you are sick. Maintain separation from your pets as you would other household members. If possible, have another member of your household or someone else you trust care for your animals while you are sick. If you must care for your pet or be around animals while you are sick, wash your hands before and after you interact with them. Refrain from hugging, kissing, and sharing food with pets; coughing or sneezing on your pets; and allowing animals from different households to mingle. Wash pet bedding, leashes, collars, dishes and toys the same way you would clean other surfaces in your home. For more information, visit cdc.gov and search for if you have animals. Always practice social (physical) distancing if this person is still home, as well as when you’re on a walk. Wear gloves when entering the person’s home as well as when you handle objects, like a leash or dog toys, that were in the home. Follow the general Health Department guidelines on wearing a face covering when you are out in the community while walking the dog. Even people who don’t feel sick or show symptoms can spread the virus. Essential veterinary care, pet food retail, and animal shelter operations are all deemed essential services in New York State, and are therefore exempt from the “PAUSE” Executive Order.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Apr 07, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byMake a Plan – Prepare for a Human Health Emergency: Can I get COVID-19 from my pet? Can a pet’s fur spread the virus that causes COVID-19? I am sick with COVID-19 and have a pet. What should I do? I am helping someone who is sick by walking their dog. How do I stay safe? Are veterinarians and pet supply stores open for business? share Fact Sheet: Taking Precautions at Home For those of you asking whether hydroxycloroquine is banned in New York: NICOLEIMPORTANT UPDATE FOR RETIRED PEOPLE who aren't typically required to file a tax return | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressIMPORTANT UPDATE FOR RETIRED PEOPLE who aren’t typically required to file a tax returnThe IRS and Social Security have changed the policy to receive the $1200 Economic Impact Payment. Social Security recipients who are not typically required to file a tax return need to take NO ACTION to receive their $1,200 even if they did not file tax returns in 2018 or 2019. Recipients will receive these payments as a direct deposit or by paper check, just as they would normally receive their benefits. Social Security Disability Insurance (SSDI) recipients are also part of this group who don’t need to take action. For security reasons, the IRS plans to mail a letter about the economic impact payment to the taxpayer’s last known address within 15 days after the payment is paid. The letter will provide information on how the payment was made and how to report any failure to receive the payment. If a taxpayer is unsure, they’re receiving a legitimate letter, the IRS urges taxpayers to visit IRS.gov first to protect against scam artists. The IRS urges taxpayers to be on the lookout for scam artists trying to use the economic impact payments as cover for schemes to steal personal information and money. Remember, the IRS will not call, text you, email you or contact you on social media asking for personal or bank account information – even related to the economic impact payments. Also, watch out for emails with attachments or links claiming to have special information about economic impact payments or refunds. For more information visit:by Team Nicole on
                                                        Apr 08, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Live Facebook Q&A with Dr. Salvatore Volpe April 13th 7pm Fact Sheet: Taking Precautions at Home NICOLEMalliotakis holds conference to discuss attack on 89-year-old woman lit on fire | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis holds conference to discuss attack on 89-year-old woman lit on fireAug 07, 2020Menu Menu Brooklyn Reporter NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byBail reform backlash spreads across the country Malliotakis to Mayor: Give restaurants a break NICOLELIVE: 'The Reopening of America' Town Hall w/ Congressman Dan Crenshaw | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressLIVE: ‘The Reopening of America’ Town Hall w/ Congressman Dan CrenshawJoin Nicole today at 1:10 PM for a Live Town Hall w/ Congressman Dan Crenshaw to discuss the reopening of America amid coronavirus, improving our healthcare system, his new book “Fortitude,” and more.by Team Nicole on
                                                        May 01, 2020Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Funeral Directors Join Malliotakis in Push to Open Cemeteries on Mother’s Day ASPCA Pet Hotline to Help Victims of COVID-19 NICOLEPress Releases | Nicole Malliotakis for Congress - Part 9Press ReleasesPosts navigationThe New York State Department of Health needs to develop a timeline to lift the ban on elective surgeries and reschedule procedures throughout the state, beginning with those addressing life-threatening conditions. Assemblywoman Malliotakis spoke with the Governor’s staff last week and wrote a follow-up letter urging action. The New York State Department of Health needs to develop a timeline to lift the ban on elective surgeries and reschedule procedures throughout the state, beginning with those addressing life-threatening conditions. Assemblywoman Malliotakis spoke with the Governor’s staff last week and wrote a follow-up letter urging action. “We look to your office and the New […] With Governor Cuomo mandating face coverings where social distancing is not possible, like buses and the subway, here is how you can make a face covering out of things you have at home: Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis and Dr. Salvatore Volpe to answer your questions and concerns about COVID-19 While local libraries are physically closed, New York Public Library reminds us that you can still access a wide range of books online.  Individuals who have recovered from COVID19  may have convalescent plasma in their blood, which has antibodies against the virus and could help with the development of a treatment for the virus. The State Department of Health has updated guidelines to allow a support person to be present for patients in imminent end-of-life situations. Precautions to take at home if you live with someone with COVID. How to handle mail, packages, groceries. Caring for pets if you have COVID or if you are caring for a COVID patient’s pet. And we’ll answer your questions. Social Security recipients who are not typically required to file a tax return need to take NO ACTION to receive their $1,200 even if they did not file tax returns in 2018 or 2019.  Most people who get sick with COVID-19 will have only mild illness and should recover at home.* Care at home can help stop the spread of COVID-19 and help protect people who are at risk for getting seriously ill from COVID-19.  How should I prepare for coronavirus Virus 2019 (COVID-19) if I have a pet? Take time now to make plans and prepare your pets in case you can no longer take care of your pets or have to go to the hospital due to COVID-19.  For those of you who were tested for COVID-19 at the Staten Island South Beach site of another state site and have been waiting for results, you can access them online. For those of you who were tested for COVID-19 at the Staten Island South Beach site of another state site and have been waiting for results, you can access them online. Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis and Senator Marco Rubio will discuss FAQs about the CARES Act and the Paycheck Protection Program. Staffing has been increased and 750 tests were done today. Beginning tomorrow, the site will be able to conduct up to 1,000 tests a day, so the backlog will start to reduce.Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post … 9 … STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare share share share share share share share share share share share share share share NICOLENYC Council Minority Leader Steve Matteo Backs Nicole Malliotakis for Congress | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressNYC Council Minority Leader Steve Matteo Backs Nicole Malliotakis for Congress                 Matteo: Nicole has proven she is the clear choice for voters this year.Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis, the Republican and Conservative Party candidate in the hotly contested race for New York’s 11th Congressional District (Brooklyn/Staten Island) was endorsed today by New York City Council Minority Leader Steven Matteo. Minority Leader Matteo becomes the first local Republican elected official to endorse Assemblywoman Malliotakis in her congressional race. Earlier in January, Malliotakis picked up the endorsement of the Executive Committees of both the Staten Island and Brooklyn Republican Party, which was followed days later by the endorsement of Conservative Party in both boroughs. Matteo was elected to the City Council in 2014 and became Minority Leader in 2015. Over the course of his time in the City Council he has built a record of accomplishment focused on improving the quality of life of his constituents by creating a curbside pickup program for electronic waste, improving traffic flow with left-turn signals and assisting victims of Superstorm Sandy in their efforts to return to their homes. Minority Leader Steve Matteo said “I am supporting Nicole Malliotakis because I know she will do an excellent job representing Staten Island and Brooklyn in the halls of Congress. Whether it is fighting for residents impacted by Superstorm Sandy, her work on behalf of seniors and veterans, or standing up for common sense policies in Albany, Nicole has proven she is the clear choice for voters this year.” Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis said, “I want to thank New York City Councilman and Minority Leader, Steve Matteo for his endorsement and support of my candidacy for Congress. Steve is a partner in government, a friend and someone I have tremendous respect for. As a state legislator, I have worked to restore bus service, improve programs for seniors, expand services for veterans and ensure our children receive a quality education. I look forward to bringing my fight and passion to Washington to secure our borders, create more jobs, improve healthcare services, and deliver an infrastructure package that benefits our community.”by Team Nicole on
                                                        Jan 28, 2020Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Malliotakis: Gov. Cuomo Wrong on Green Light Law Malliotakis Calls-Out Max Rose On New York’s Green Light Law NICOLEMalliotakis Joins March Across Brooklyn Bridge With Clergy and Law Enforcement | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis Joins March Across Brooklyn Bridge With Clergy and Law EnforcementAbout to kick off the Clergy and Law Enforcement Power of Prayer March from Camden Plaza   to   City Hall to end gun violence and restore law and order.  — Nicole Malliotakis (@NMalliotakis)    Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis joined with clergy, law enforcement and the public in a march across the Brooklyn Bridge to New York’s City Hall on Wednesday morning, calling for an end to gun violence and in support of of the NYPD. Watch Assemblywoman Malliotakis discussing the march with Bishop Gerald Seabrook of the Rehobat Cathedral and President Ed Mullins of the NYPD-Sergeants Benevolent Association: Also joining the march were Bishop Albert Jamieson of the Pleasant Grove Baptist Church, Bishop Eric Figueroa of the New Life Tabernacle and Bishop Dr. Ismael Claudio of the Pentecostal Church of Jesus Christ.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Jul 15, 2020Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Malliotakis Calls-Out Max Rose’s Hypocrisy on Non Public Schools Malliotakis Slams AOC’s Boycott of Goya Foods Launches Drive to Buy Goya Canned Foods for Needy NICOLEStand Up Against Illegal Immigrant Driver's Licenses | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressAgainst Illegal Immigrant Driver’s Licenses                 SIGN THE PETITIONDemand Federal Action SIGN NOW BEFORE THE LAW GOES INTO EFFECTSorry. This form is no longer available. Several members of New York State’s Congressional Delegation have called on the Attorney General and the U.S. Department of Justice to review the legality of the state’s law providing illegal immigrants with driver’s licenses, called the Green Light law. One specific provision of the law   for driver’s licenses, which is the usual protocol for DMV when handling license applications. Other concerns have been raised about the   because of a voter registration question on the driver’s license application. If it’s found that the law violates state or federal requirements, the Members of Congress requested that the Department of Justice initiate federal litigation to block the its implementation.  Despite calls from a bipartisan group of state officials calling for action to prevent illegal immigrants from receiving driver’s licenses, Max Rose refused to join this effort seeking Department of Justice review and intervention. Even though   against the state’s Green Light law, you can Sign the Petition calling for the federal government to act.Menu Menu TAKE ACTION SIGN THE PETITION Demand federal action to prevent New York State’s driver’s license law for illegal immigrants.  Facebook Facebook Twitter Twitter Email Email powered byStand Up  prevents the Department of Motor Vehicles from retaining immigrants’ applications potential for voter fraud The law is scheduled to take effect in December. Max Rose refused to stand upFact Sheet: Overview of Federal Assistance | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressFact Sheet: Overview of Federal Assistanceby Team Nicole on
                                                        Apr 29, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information Governor Cuomo said President Trump “has delivered for New York” and he has. Whatever our state asked him for, we received. Here are the facts: NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Keeping Our Nation’s Food Supply Safe Paycheck Protection Program Applications Resumes NICOLEWatch: Nicole Malliotakis discusses 'The Freedom Force' and their plan to fight socialism | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressWatch: Nicole Malliotakis discusses ‘The Freedom Force’ and their plan to fight socialismCongresswoman-elect Nicole Malliotakis appeared on Newsmax TV’s “American Agenda” to discuss the fight against socialism.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Dec 10, 2020Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Watch: Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis Officially Sworn in to U.S. House of Representatives Malliotakis to Socialists: Nothing in life is free NICOLEMalliotakis to Socialists: Nothing in life is free | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis to Socialists: Nothing in life is freeCongresswoman-elect Nicole Malliotakis: ‘When AOC offers you free stuff, you’re paying for it with your freedom.’by Team Nicole on
                                                        Dec 02, 2020Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Watch: Nicole Malliotakis discusses ‘The Freedom Force’ and their plan to fight socialism Watch: Congresswomen-Elect Nicole Malliotakis & Nancy Mace discuss Republican women record-breaking victories NICOLEMalliotakis Delivers Goya Products to Food Pantries | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis Delivers Goya Products to Food Pantries                 Thousands of Items Donated to Counter AOC’s BoycottAssemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis, the Republican and Conservative Party candidate for Congress in the New York’s 11th District (Staten Island-Southwestern Brooklyn) announced today that thousands of Goya Food products delivered to her campaign headquarters were being distributed to 16 food pantries for the needy across Staten Island and Southwestern Brooklyn. The products were donated over the last half of July as a response to far-left Congresswoman Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez who called for a boycott of Goya products after Robert Unanue, CEO of the family owned business, praised President Donald Trump’s leadership at a White House news conference on July 9th. Goya Food, which was founded in 1936, is the largest purveyor of Hispanic food products in the United States. Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis said, “In July, Congresswoman Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez wrongly called for a boycott of Goya Food products simply because the company’s CEO had the good manners to praise the President of the United States at a White House news conference. As the daughter of a Cuban refugee, I grew up eating Goya products and was appalled that anyone would want to boycott a company that over the years had been so generous in donating products whenever and wherever the Hispanic community is in need. To this day, the shelves in my kitchen are stocked with Goya products. “In response to AOC’s boycott, I immediately tweeted that for the remainder of July, the Malliotakis for Congress campaign headquarters would act as a drop-off point for Goya food products that would be in turn donated to food pantries throughout the district. By the next morning, people infuriated by the proposed boycott, were arriving at my headquarters. “By the end of July, well over 3,000 cans, bottles and boxes of Goya products had been donated and over the past week have been distributed to food pantries throughout Staten Island and Southwestern Brooklyn. I want to thank all those who responded to my call to support Goya; your actions proved that New Yorkers are ready to stand-up for the free enterprise system and against the wild-eyed attacks by AOC and her left-wing allies on Donald Trump and his presidency.” Goya products are being delivered to the following food pantries. Brooklyn: Trinity Tabernacle-Gravesend, Our Lady of Angels,Saint Anselm Food Pantry, Christ Church Bay Ridge.  Staten Island: 
St. Joseph and St. Mary Immaculate, Sacred Heart,Lifestyles for the Disabled, Church of the Assumption, St. Charles Food Pantry, Christian Pentecostal Church, Blessed Sacrament Church, All Saints Episcopal Church, Our Lady of Good Counsel Church, Catholic Charities of Staten Island Food Pantry, The Church of St. Clare, St. Mary’s Episcopal Food Pantry.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Aug 12, 2020Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Watch Malliotakis on Fox & Friends: Fed Up New Yorkers Should Vote Republican Watch Malliotakis on Fox & Friends: If the Police Aren’t Safe, We’re Not Safe NICOLEMalliotakis, Raptakis Urge EU & USA To Help As Turkey Floods Greece With Refugees | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis, Raptakis Urge EU & USA To Help As Turkey Floods Greece With Refugees                 The U.S. government needs to oppose this action in the strongest terms possible.“Every nation has the right to secure its borders. That is true for both the U.S. and Greece. Both nations have long, proud histories of showing compassion toward immigrants and refugees. However, they must also have the ability to control the flow of immigration and know who is entering their country for security, health and economic reasons. “Right now, as a result of the escalation of a humanitarian disaster in Syria, the Erdogan regime in Turkey is acting a chaos agent—helping to unleash a flood of Syrian refugees upon Greece and the European Union. “The U.S. government needs to oppose this action in the strongest terms possible. “The Turkish government is essentially shredding its agreement with the EU to limit and control illegal immigration, even though the Erdogan regime has accepted well over €3 billion in aid to support this work. The EU has shut its borders north of Greece to stop the flow of migrants into other EU countries, resulting in Greece absorbing a huge flow of refugees that it cannot cope with alone. “On the Greek islands of Chios, Lesvos & Samos, there are now more refugees than native populations. Greece is recovering from a devastating financial crisis and is being forced to carry the burden of Turkey’s reckless and irresponsible actions by itself. The EU has failed to provide Greece, a member state, with the economic, security and political support necessary to deal with this refugee crisis and to effectively stand up to the Erdogan regime’s bullying. This is a clear effort by Turkey to sow division in the EU and to weaken the organization. “We urge the European Union members and the U.S. to work together to address this serious crisis and make clear to Turkey that it cannot continue to take steps to fuel this problem and sow chaos throughout Europe.”by Team Nicole on
                                                        Mar 02, 2020Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Watch: Malliotakis on Fox & Friends Blasts New York’s Controversial Bail Reform Law Staten Island GOP’s County Committee Backs Malliotakis for U.S. Congress NICOLEWatch: Malliotakis Campaign Releases New Commercial "Teddy" | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressWatch: Malliotakis Campaign Releases New Commercial “Teddy”The campaign of Nicole Malliotakis today premiered it’s new commercial Teddy on computer (60 seconds) and TV (30 seconds) screens across the district. Teddy tells the story of Teddy Bertone, a 94 year-old World War II veteran and his family’s struggle to get his citizenship papers from the U.S. government.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Oct 27, 2020Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Nicole Malliotakis Declares Victory in Congressional Race Combat Anti-Semitism Everywhere Political Action Committee Endorses Nicole Malliotakis NICOLEMalliotakis: Democrats Should Join Us to Shut Down Socialist Squad | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis: Democrats Should Join Us to Shut Down Socialist SquadNancy Pelosi will have the smallest majority since WWII and some Democrats are beginning to speak out against the radical left. There is opportunity for them to work with Republicans to preserve our nation, recover from the pandemic, support law & order and stop the squad.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Nov 25, 2020Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Watch: Nicole Malliotakis blasts Biden’s Immigration Plan on Tucker Carlson Tonight Watch: Nicole on Fox News explains why ‘we must push back’ against socialism NICOLEAssemblywoman Malliotakis Facilitates Medical Gown Production in Brooklyn | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressAssemblywoman Malliotakis Facilitates Medical Gown Production in Brooklyn                 Gowns to Supply City Hospitals and Create Local Jobs for Hardworking Brooklyn ResidentsAssemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis (64th A.D. – Staten Island-Southern Brooklyn) recently toured a manufacturing operation Bensonhurst, where local residents are being employed in the production of disposable isolation gowns destined to be used by New York City hospitals and healthcare facilities. The gowns are being produced by a New York City based garment manufacturing company, Top Notch Pattern, Inc., which is under contract with the City of New York, thanks to the assistance of Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis who identified the manufacturer and the company’s manufacturing capacity for the city.  They will be operating 12 facilities in Brooklyn and will be producing hundreds of thousands of the gowns in the weeks ahead at the Bensonhurst facility. Assemblywoman Malliotakis became aware of the of the company during the height of the COVID-19 outbreak and brought them to the attention of City Hall, facilitating a win-win situation for our hospitals, Top Notch Patterns, Inc. and the scores of New Yorkers being employed by the project. Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis said, “Over the course of the COVID-19 outbreak, I’ve delivered thousands of pieces of Personal Protection Equipment (PPE) and supplies to area hospitals, nursing homes and long term care facilities. What I’ve learned over that time is the needs change weekly. Right now, our hospitals and healthcare facilities are in desperate need of medical gowns. The fact Top Notch Patterns, its president, Anthony Cibelli, and his partner Santo Barravecchio, are able to produce the gowns right here in Brooklyn is great on so many levels; delivery time is cut to hours as opposed to days or weeks and they are providing close-by jobs to members of the community while unemployment numbers are at record highs and economic activity is so desperately needed.” Anthony Cibelli, President of Top Notch Pattern, said, “Santo Barravecchio and I are using our thirty years of experience in the garment district to help out New York City during the COVID-19 outbreak. We are working with local cutting and sewing factories to produce a quarter of a million isolation gowns for medical personnel. This is helping to relieve the stress of medical facilities and first responders by ensuring that they are supplied to treat patients safely. Being able to provide gowns for New York City has helped the safety of many. It has been a gratifying experience to be able to help our highly dedicated healthcare workers in these trying times.”by Team Nicole on
                                                        May 17, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Malliotakis delivers POW-MIA and American Flags to Brooklyn Nursing Home Statement by Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis on $3 Trillion COVID-19 Spending Package NICOLEWatch Nicole's New Ad: "Work Boots" | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressWatch Nicole’s New Ad: “Work Boots”“If Nicole can help you, she’s a phone call away. I don’t see anyone helping like she did.” Ken McIntyre from Tottenville.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Sep 16, 2020Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Malliotakis Announces Endorsement of NFIB FED PAC Watch: Malliotakis Discusses Indoor Dining in NYC on Fox Business NICOLEMalliotakis: New York Politicians Have Encouraged Anarchy with their Rhetoric and Bad Policies | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis: New York Politicians Have Encouraged Anarchy with their Rhetoric and Bad PoliciesThe anarchy we have seen this week is a result of the rhetoric spoken and bad policies put in place by “progressive politicians” who have sent the message that there is no consequence for criminal actions. Assemblywoman and Congressional Candidate Nicole Malliotakis discusses with Brian Kilmeade on Fox and Friends.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Jun 03, 2020Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Malliotakis and Tannousis Want Rioting, Looting Added to Bail Fixes Taking Effect This July Watch: Malliotakis Speaks at Stand Up For Freedom Rally NICOLEWatch Malliotakis on Fox & Friends: Fed Up New Yorkers Should Vote Republican | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressWatch Malliotakis on Fox & Friends: Fed Up New Yorkers Should Vote RepublicanAssemblywoman and U.S. Congressional Candidate Nicole Malliotakis says that New Yorkers fed up with state’s soaring crime rate and sinking economy should vote Republican in November.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Aug 15, 2020Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare NYC PBA Endorses Nicole Malliotakis for Congress Malliotakis Delivers Goya Products to Food Pantries NICOLECongresswoman Nicole Malliotakis Endorsed by Citizens for Responsible Energy Solution | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressCongresswoman Nicole Malliotakis Endorsed by Citizens for Responsible Energy SolutionCongresswoman Nicole Malliotakis (NY-11, Staten Island-Brooklyn) was endorsed this week by Citizens for Responsible Energy Solutions (CRES). CRES is a national organization that engages policymakers and the public on responsible conservative solutions for energy, economic and environmental security. CRES thanked Congresswoman Malliotakis for “contributing to the policy landscape in ways that advance clean energy and reduce emissions while prioritizing the needs of the country.” Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis said, “I want to thank Citizens for Responsible Energy Solutions for their kind endorsement. The failed energy policies of the Biden administration have crippled our nation with skyrocketing fuel prices that have had a negative impact on on the bank accounts of our citizens, the bottom line of American businesses and have fed the record-braking inflation that threatens the U.S. Economy. “In Congress, I will continue to fight for commonsense solutions that protect our environment while empowering America’s energy industries to reach their full potential in producing clean, inexpensive energy for our nation’s consumers.” Congresswoman Malliotakis serves on the House Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Select Committee on the Coronavirus Crisis. She also holds the position of Assistant Whip for the House Republican Conference.by Team Nicole on
                                                        May 05, 2022Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Malliotakis: We Are Fed Up With Democrats’ Rising Costs, Crime, Illegal Migration Malliotakis Slams Max Rose on Non-Citizen Voting & H.R. 1 NICOLEFuneral Directors Join Malliotakis in Push to Open Cemeteries on Mother's Day | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressFuneral Directors Join Malliotakis in Push to Open Cemeteries on Mother’s DayWith Mother’s Day, Father’s Day and Memorial Day quickly approaching, Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis has been reaching out to local cemeteries in an effort to get them to reopen their gates to visitors. If they cannot open completely due to burials, the assemblywoman would like them to at least open for limited hours. Local funeral directors agree that cemeteries should be open this Mother’s Day so loved ones can visit mothers, grandmothers, aunts and others no longer with us. New York State has deemed cemeteries essential and they can be open, however, most on Staten Island have chosen to remain closed to the public. “People are rightfully going to want to visit those they have lost and I think it would be appropriate, with social distancing guidelines in place, to ensure that cemeteries in our community are open, but especially on these significant weekends,” said Malliotakis. “COVID-19 has taken a mental and emotional toll on so many and visiting a loved one to pray, meditate and express feelings is important and their right.”by Team Nicole on
                                                        May 04, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Watch: Malliotakis Discusses Governor Cuomo’s Mishandling of Nursing Homes on Tucker Carlson Tonight LIVE: ‘The Reopening of America’ Town Hall w/ Congressman Dan Crenshaw NICOLEMalliotakis Calls-Out Max Rose's Hypocrisy on Non Public Schools | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis Calls-Out Max Rose’s Hypocrisy on Non Public SchoolsAssemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis called-out Rep. Max Rose for voting to prevent non-public schools across New York City from receiving federal funding in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Following the recently announced closures of St. Peter-St. Paul School in New Brighton, St. Joseph-St. Thomas School in Pleasant Plains and Our Lady of Mt. Carmel-St. Benedicta School in West Brighton, all in Staten Island, as well as a number of schools across the four other boroughs,   attempting to blame this lack of funding and closures on the U.S. Senate not passing the Heroes Act. However, the latest stimulus legislation passed by Rose and Democrats in the House of Representatives would have made almost all non-public school ineligible for aid. Even when it comes to funding our schools, Max Rose says one thing in the district but does something else in Washington.      — Nicole Malliotakis (@NMalliotakis)    Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis said, “Max Rose is a hypocrite pure and simple. The very schools that Max Rose cited as a reason to enact the HEROES Act would have been prevented from receiving the federal funding. Instead of playing politics with local school closings, he should be honest and admit that he either didn’t know what the partisan bill he voted for actually did, or he straight out lied about it.” View the letter from Council for American Private Education (CAPE) stating the House version of HEROES Act would have hurt private and parochial schools:by Team Nicole on
                                                        Jul 15, 2020Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byRose issued a news release share Mallotakis: I Will Be a Champion For Our National Parks Malliotakis Joins March Across Brooklyn Bridge With Clergy and Law Enforcement NICOLESUSPEND METERS NOW | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressSUSPEND METERS NOWWith non-essential business being shut down, the majority of people utilizing these spaces are those under quarantine at the city and state’s urging or essential workers who are keeping the vital aspects of this city running during a crisis— our healthcare workers, first responders, essential city workers, pharmacists and grocery employees. We should not burden them with the need to feed meters during this pandemic when they have so many other issues and concerns on their minds. Nicole wrote a letter to Mayor de Blasio making the case for meters to be suspended as she successfully did with alternate side parking regulations.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Mar 27, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare The Fight to Protect City Workers During This Crisis Mayor de Blasio must do more to provide frontline workers with the protection NICOLEStatement by Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis on Court Approval of NYS Congressional Maps | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressStatement by Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis on Court Approval of NYS Congressional MapsCongresswoman Nicole Malliotakis said, “Today, democracy was preserved in New York through the actions of our state courts and their approval of new district lines for U.S. Congressional seats. The heavy-hand of one party Democrat rule in Albany was rejected by the courts and now the people of our state can choose their elected representatives, not the other way around. “While I’m saddened that parts of Gravesend have been excluded, I’m happy that the majority of the district remains the same. “One thing that will remain constant in the new 11th Congressional District is my commitment to my constituents and the work my staff and I do to push back on the high inflation, record gas prices and skyrocketing crime the Democrats have brought us with their one-party rule. “Let me also put my opponents on notice; whether the Democrats nominate Pelosi puppet Max Rose or AOC wannabe Brittany Ramos DeBarros, I will defeat them in November.”by Team Nicole on
                                                        May 21, 2022Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Op-Ed: How Congress can curb dangerous bail reform laws Malliotakis: NY Crime Will Soar Until We Elect Law & Order Prosecutors, Judges & Legislators NICOLENYC's public schools should be closed FOX News | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressNYC’s public schools should be closed FOX NewsNYC’s public schools should be closed and Mayor de Blasio should execute a plan that provides child care services for children of healthcare workers, first responders and others in need.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Mar 15, 2020Menu Menu COVID-19 Information NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare NYC public schools will close until at least April 20th Yesterday President Trump declared a national state of emergency NICOLENicole Malliotakis Declares Victory in Congressional Race | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressNicole Malliotakis Declares Victory in Congressional Race                 “This race was about the hardworking New Yorker who obeys the law, pays their taxes and gets up every morning and goes to work”Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis, the Republican and Conservative Party candidate in the hotly contested race for New York’s 11th Congressional District (Brooklyn-Staten Island), declared victory Tuesday night as supporters gathered under a tent set up behind her Staten Island, New York, headquarters. The five term new York State Assemblywoman said her victory would, “resonate from New York’s City Hall to the halls of Congress.” She also stated that her campaign was about, “the hardworking New Yorker “who obeys the law, pays their taxes and gets up every morning and goes to work” and “about a shining city that, in a matter of months, lost its luster, closed its businesses, boarded up its windows and turned over its streets to the criminal element.” The full text of Assemblywoman Malliotakis’ remarks may be found below: “Today, Staten Island and Southern Brooklyn sent a loud and clear message that will resonate from City Hall to the Halls of Congress. I entered this race with eyes wide open knowing that victory wouldn’t come easy. But, from the start I knew this race was never about me. This race was always about you, the hardworking New Yorker who obeys the law, pays their taxes and gets up every morning and goes to work. This race was about the brave men and women of the NYPD and all our law enforcement and first responders; those who keep our city safe and rush into danger in our hour of need. Men and women who always have our back….and believe me, this is one elected official who will always have their back! This race was about the immigrant family, just like my parents, struggling to survive in a new country and a new city ….and praying that their small business will succeed and that, they too, will be able to live the American Dream. This race was about a shining city that, in a matter of months, lost its luster, closed its businesses, boarded up its windows and turned over its streets to the criminal element. This race was about a nation on the verge of losing its way and political party that seems intent on leading us on a destructive path towards Socialism. And members of that party, with names like Pelosi, Schiff, Nadler, AOC ….and yes, Max Rose… who were all too happy to needlessly attempt to impeach our President, Donald Trump and do or say anything to defeat him and our Republican Party. They don’t understand the voters of the 11th Congressional District; they are good and decent people who can’t be bought and won’t tolerate being lied to. Tonight’s victory is not mine alone, it’s the victory of everyone here tonight and those at home or in their business watching on TV. Savor our victory tonight; we have returned the 11th Congressional District to the hands of the Republican and Conservative Party thank you for your support and making this victory a reality.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Nov 03, 2020Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Watch: Nicole on Fox News explains why ‘we must push back’ against socialism Watch: Malliotakis Campaign Releases New Commercial “Teddy” NICOLEBail reform backlash spreads across the country | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressBail reform backlash spreads across the countryAug 09, 2020Menu Menu Fox News NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byNYC Republican seeks to topple Democratic congressman through ‘law and order’ campaign Malliotakis holds conference to discuss attack on 89-year-old woman lit on fire NICOLEWatch: Malliotakis Campaign Launches "Thin Blue Line" Ad | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressWatch: Malliotakis Campaign Launches “Thin Blue Line” AdThe campaign of Nicole Malliotakis, the Republican and Conservative Party candidate for Congress in the New York’s 11th District, premiered it’s new commercial Thin Blue Line on TV screens across the district on Friday.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Aug 07, 2020Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Watch Malliotakis on Fox & Friends: If the Police Aren’t Safe, We’re Not Safe Malliotakis Condemns Attack on 89 Year-Old Women NICOLEPress Releases | Nicole Malliotakis for Congress - Part 3Press ReleasesPosts navigationCongresswoman Nicole Malliotakis recently appeared on FOX News to defend her position in support of Bipartisan Infrastructure Investment. This position has received some scrutiny, as some believe that support of the investment bolsters Nancy Pelosi, to whom  the Congresswoman typically finds herself opposed. However, Malliotakis defended her position, stating that she did her job in […] Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis recently announced that the the city’s Department of Health and Human Services (DHHS), will be awarding $2.3 million in federal Grants to the Richmond University Medical Center, also known to Staten Islanders as RUMC. These grants will help to provide funding for the hospital’s Head Start and Early Start programs, programs that […] Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis recently made an appearance on Good Day New York, during which the topics of government spending were discussed. Malliotakis emphasized her staunch stance against the $450 million payout that President Biden plans to give to illegal immigrants, and has vowed to combat it from happening. The Congresswoman noted that such a payout […] Rep. Nicole Malliotakis (R-N.Y.) told One America News, she will hold New York City’s mayor personally responsible if anyone is injured due to the mass firing of firefighters amid the vaccine mandate.  ~One America’s John Hines. Last Tuesday, Americans from one side of the country to the other, elected Republicans to state and local office, sending Joe Biden and the Democrats a message that we are not, and will never be, a socialist nation. Because this message was so clear, even Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats in Congress could not ignore […] Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis made an appearance on FOX News to discuss the several of the issues that are facing New York City, including Mayor de Blasio, immigration, and more. During her appearance, the Congresswoman discussed how de Blasio’s vaccine mandates had resulted in several firehouses having to shutter their doors. Additionally, Malliotakis discussed the number […] Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis made an appearance on FOX News to discuss the delay in passing a key infrastructure bill. This bill, which would provide billions of dollars in funding to help improve things such as roads and bridges, is mostly bipartisan in nature. However, as Malliotakis discusses, socialist members of the Democratic party are attempting […] In a recent appearance on FOX News, Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis discusses the delay that took place in voting on a very important, billion dollar infrastructure bill. While this bill is bipartisan in nature, vocal Socialist members of the Democratic party are holding up the voting process by trying to get harmful policies, such as welfare […] Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis recently made an appearance on News 12 The Bronx’s “Power and Politics” segment to give her thoughts on vaccine mandates. During her time on the show, Malliotakis revealed that she herself is vaccinated, and she has been doing her part to get as many of her constituents access to the vaccine as […] Recently, Nicole Malliotakis made and appearance on FOX News to discuss some of the pressing topics and issues that are facing our country. During her time on the air, Nicole touched on the issues with migrants at the border attempting to enter the country illegally and the lack of action being take by both President […] Last week, New York City was hit hard by the unexpected power of Hurricane Ida. For New Yorkers, the devastation that Hurricane Sandy left in its wake is still fresh, and the flash flooding of Hurricane Ida was a reminder of how impactful this weather can be. However, it seems as if New York City […] The Congresswoman’s office helped a Brooklyn woman and her three young children escape the Taliban. Nicole Mallitakis recently helped a family that was from Brooklyn, New York get out of Afghanistan and back into the United States. Over the course of the past week, the Taliban has taken control once again in Afghanistan following the exit of the United States military from the region, and in turn left many people […] In July, President Biden said what happened this weekend in Afghanistan wouldn’t. @POTUS owes Congress and all Americans with answers as to what intelligence he based this on or did he ignore his military advisors and the intelligence community. Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis, a Cuban-American woman herself, appeared on FOX News to discuss the civil unrest in Cuba and her issues with the way that the Biden administration is interacting with the Castro regime.Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post 3 … STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare share share share share share share share share share share share share share share NICOLENYGOP Chairman Langworthy Endorses Nicole Malliotakis for Congress | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressNYGOP Chairman Langworthy Endorses Nicole Malliotakis for Congress                 “Nicole is the no-nonsense leader who will send extreme liberal Max Rose packing”New York State Republican Chairman Nick Langworthy today announced his official endorsement of Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis for Congress in NY’s 11th congressional district. In recent days, Nicole has secured the unanimous support of both the Staten Island and Brooklyn Republican and Conservative Committees. “Max Rose is an enemy of the President and democracy. He lied to the people of the 11th congressional district and wasted no time joining the radical left in Washington whose socialist policies and obsessive hatred of President Trump are so extreme they are posing a danger to our nation. Max Rose needs to be fired, and Nicole Malliotakis is the no-nonsense leader who can send him packing.” He continued, “The residents of NY-11 support President Trump and they deserve a representative who will help him deliver on his wildly successful agenda that has brought us a booming economy, restored our military and proudly stood up for the men and women in law enforcement. Nicole is a proven leader on these issues and I’m proud to support her to take back this seat as the next Congresswoman from Staten Island.” Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis said,  “I want to thank Chairman Langworthy for his endorsement. Over the course of his first year in office, Congressman Max Rose has proven just how liberal he is; he’s voted with Nancy Pelosi over 95% of the time and with Alexandria Ocasio Cortez over 90% of the time. He’s supported the impeachment of President Trump and worked with far-left Democrats to block the President’s agenda time and again. Here in New York, Max Rose has supported Mayor de Blasio’s ill-conceived plan to close Rikers Island and Governor Cuomo’s insane bail reform law that puts dangerous criminals back on the street instead of behind bars in a jail cell. Chairman Langworthy is right, Max Rose needs to be sent packing. I will take my legislative experience and my long held belief in Republican principles to Washington, where I will fight to secure our borders, create jobs, improve healthcare and deliver an infrastructure package that benefits our community, city and state.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Jan 14, 2020Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Max Rose Needs to Come Clean on Stance on Bail Reform and NYC’s Sanctuary City Policies The Conservative Parties of Staten Island and Brooklyn Jointly Nominate and Endorse Nicole Malliotakis NICOLECombat Anti-Semitism Everywhere Political Action Committee Endorses Nicole Malliotakis | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressCombat Anti-Semitism Everywhere Political Action Committee Endorses Nicole MalliotakisAssemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis who is campaigning for New York’s 11th Congressional district has received the endorsement of Combat Anti-Semitism Everywhere Political Action Committee (CASEPAC), a nonpartisan political action committee dedicated to combating increasing levels of antisemitism in the United States. Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis who is campaigning for New York’s 11th Congressional district has received the endorsement of Combat Anti-Semitism Everywhere Political Action Committee (CASEPAC), a nonpartisan political action committee dedicated to combating increasing levels of antisemitism in the United States. “Nicole’s staunch advocacy against the alarming rise in antisemitism, along with her unwavering support for the needs of the Jewish population in her district and across America has been exemplary.  We at CASEPAC applaud her ethics and moral determination to strengthen the Jewish Community by working to eliminate Jewish hatred both locally and nationally,” said Rebecca Harary, President and Founder of CASEPAC. “I am proud to accept the endorsement of Combat Anti-Semitism Everywhere Political Action Committee and to stand with them in their mission to put an end to the alarming rise in antisemitism,” said Malliotakis. “I will not stand idly by while antisemitism creeps its way into the forefront of the United States House of Representatives through the troubling words of members like Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez and Ilhan Omar. Once in Congress, I will fight to put an end to the hateful and shameful rhetoric spewed by them and by others, and stand up for our Jewish brothers and sisters.” Malliotakis had the opportunity to visit Israel last year, an experience that she explains opened her eyes and motivated her to strengthen her commitment and dedication to fighting against antisemitism and religious hatred both in the United States and abroad. In her travels within the country to places including such meaningful sites as the U.S. embassy in Jerusalem, Bethlehem, parts of Judea and Samaria (the West Bank), the Gaza border, the Western Wall, and the Yad Vashem Holocaust Memorial, which says every American should visit if given the opportunity.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Oct 05, 2020Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Watch: Malliotakis Campaign Releases New Commercial “Teddy” Correction Officers’ Benevolent Association Endorses Nicole Malliotakis for Congress NICOLEMallotakis: I Will Be a Champion For Our National Parks | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMallotakis: I Will Be a Champion For Our National ParksAssemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis held a news conference on Friday at the entrance to the Gateway National Recreation Area’s Great Kills Park on Hylan Boulevard on Staten Island, NY. The news conference focused on her commitment to Staten Island’s three National Parks – Gateway Great Kills, Fort Wadsworth and Miller Field. Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis said, “To me and many other Staten Islanders, Fort Wadsworth, Great Kills Parks and Miller Field are our own little slice of the outdoors and while they might not be Yosemite, Yellowstone, or the Grand Canyon, they are our national treasures and cherished by all that use them. I grew up on the East Shore and my family still lives here. For much of my life, I’ve walked the paths of Great Kills Park and as a high school student at New Dorp High School, I played sports and had picnics at Miller Field. On any given weekend, you will see me riding my bike through Fort Wadsworth or walking my dog there. I love our parks and they deserve an advocate who will make them the best parks they can be. “Over my years in the Assembly, I’ve taken the initiative to work to improve these parks even though they sit under the jurisdiction of the federal government and the National Parks Service. I’ve led clean-ups of these facilities removing syringes from the beaches and trash from the grounds. In 2018, I allocated funds to repair the sidewalks along Hylan Boulevard for pedestrian safety and allocated another $150,000 to the City Department of Transportation to continue that work. “In June, the Senate passed the Great American Outdoors Act and the House has been dragging its feet. Now, more than ever, we need outdoor recreation and if this package was passed earlier, our parks would have been properly funded, maintained and staffed for Staten Islanders to enjoy. “As Congresswoman, I will continue to work hand in hand with the National Park Service to do my part to make sure they have the staff needed to properly maintain the grounds, supervise activities in the park like swimming and bring back the kayaking program that stopped when Max Rose took office. That’s how I’ll operate as your representative in Congress, unlike Max Rose who created hostility and showed disdain for our parks employees when heby Team Nicole on
                                                        Jul 17, 2020Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Malliotakis Condemns Attack on 89 Year-Old Women Malliotakis Calls-Out Max Rose’s Hypocrisy on Non Public Schools NICOLENYC PBA Endorses Nicole Malliotakis for Congress | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressNYC PBA Endorses Nicole Malliotakis for Congress                 PBA’s Pat Lynch: Malliotakis is a True Friend of NYPDAssemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis, the Republican and Conservative Party candidate for Congress in the New York’s 11th District (Staten Island-Southwestern Brooklyn) received the endorsement of the Police Benevolent Association of the City of New York (NYC PBA) at a Monday morning news conference in front of One Police Plaza, the headquarters of the NYPD. NYC PBA President Pat Lynch called Malliotakis, “a true friend of the NYPD” and questioned how we can expect to get, “a fair deal out of a Washington, when we don’t have a Republican member of congress advocating for us in that two party town.” The Police Benevolent Association of the City of New York is the largest municipal police union in the world. The NYC PBA represents the approximately 50,000 active and retired NYPD police officers. They are the men and women on the front-line, who patrol the streets of the five boroughs as well as those serving in specialized units and administrative divisions throughout the city. On August 14th the NYC PBA endorsed President Donald J. Trump at an event at his Bedminster, New Jersey golf club. NYC PBA President Pat Lynch said, “On behalf of the 50,000 members of the NYC PBA I am proud to endorse Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis in her campaign for New York State’s 11th Congressional District.   This is the most hotly contested race in New York City this November and it creates the opportunity for our members, their families, friends and all supporters of the NYPD to send a resounding message to every elected official in New York City; law abiding New Yorkers are ready to take this city back. “Her opponent, Congressman Max Rose, has claimed he supports law enforcement. But when it came time for him to stand tall and show that support, he chose the opposite. He chose to take part in a June demonstration on Staten Island where marchers carried signs reading, ‘Abolish the NYPD,’ ‘Blue Lives Murder’ and ‘Defund the Police’ as the crowd chanted those slogans and others as they converged on the 122nd Precinct. He chose to sign on to a bill that dumps all of the blame and liability for bad policing policies onto police officers on the street.  “On August 14th we endorsed President Trump. If he is to succeed as President, he needs like minded Americans serving in the House and the Senate. In addition, there are currently no Republican members of the New York City congressional delegation. How can our city, our police officers or our citizens expect to get a fair deal out of a Washington, when we don’t have a Republican member of congress advocating for us in that two party town?” Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis said, “I’m proud to accept the endorsement of the NYC PBA and its President, Pat Lynch. Growing up as a first generation American, I was taught by my parents to respect and honor NYPD officers because they were the best in the world. I continue to hold that belief today on both a personal level and as an elected official. “In recent months, the men and women of the NYPD have faced attacks from anarchists, career criminals, looters and many elected officials. These attacks are inexcusable. Not only have your members suffered physical injuries, but also attacks on their reputation and a cynical action to defund the department. “In Congress, I will do what I have always done; fight to get the NYPD the funding they need, work to create common sense legislation that supports law enforcement, not criminals and do anything I can to honor and support any member of law enforcement and their families when an injury or death occurs in the line of duty. Thank you for support, I will never forget it. Stay safe.” At the news conference, the Malliotakis campaign also announced that a new 30 second commercial premiered Monday morning on televisions throughout the 11th Congressional District. The hard-hitting ad, produced by BrabenderCox and titled, Open Season, focuses on the issues that have led to sky-rocketing crime, rioting in our streets and the movement to defund the NYPD. It also highlights today’s endorsement by the NYC PBA.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Aug 24, 2020Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byAssemblywoman Malliotakis has always been true friend of the NYPD and all law enforcement. She has stood by the men and women of the NYPD during her five terms in state legislature and continues to do so today, when many elected officials like incumbent Congressman Max Rose have joined the anti-police mob. Congressman Rose, you can’t have it both ways. You made your choice. Now New York City police officers will make ours. share Malliotakis Backs the Support Peaceful Protest Act Watch Malliotakis on Fox & Friends: Fed Up New Yorkers Should Vote Republican NICOLENYC Republican seeks to topple Democratic congressman through 'law and order' campaign | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressNYC Republican seeks to topple Democratic congressman through ‘law and order’ campaignAug 14, 2020Menu Menu Washington Examiner NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byGOP enrollment exceeds 100,000 for first time on S.I. Bail reform backlash spreads across the country NICOLEMalliotakis Condemns Attack on 89 Year-Old Women | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis Condemns Attack on 89 Year-Old Women                  Lawlessness Due to Far Left Policies Coming from City Hall & AlbanyAssemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis, the Republican and Conservative Party candidate for Congress in the New York’s 11th District (Staten Island-Southwestern Brooklyn) held a Thursday morning news conference to condemn the recent attack on an 89 year-old Chinese woman who was slapped and lit on fire while walking on 16th Avenue and 77th Street in Bensonhurst, Brooklyn. Assemblywoman Malliotakis called the incident, “a savage attack that chills you to the bone.” Joining Assemblywoman Malliotakis in front of the Homecrest-Bensonhurst Senior Citizen Center was a diverse crowd that included leaders of the local Asian Community. The Homecrest-Bensonhurst Senior Center attracts mainly Chinese seniors from the area and its Board of Directors, along with members of the community, are offering a $10,000 reward for information leading to the arrest of the perpetrators of this heinous crime. Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis said, “The attack that took place on a senior citizen walking on 16th Avenue at  7 pm on a warm July evening is shocking example of what our city has become. It was a savage attack that chills you to the bone when one considers what might have happened if the 89 year-old victim had not been so quick-thinking and spry enough to extinguish her burning shirt by rubbing her back against a nearby wall. Thankfully, she survived without serious injury and just celebrated her 90th birthday. “I’m joined today by members of the local community, many of which are Chinese-Americans who are naturally outraged by the sky-rocketing crime in our city, in particularly the increase in attacks on Asian New Yorkers since the outbreak of COVID-19. And, we are standing in front of the Homecrest-Bensonhurst Senior Center which in normal times attracts Chinese seniors from the surrounding neighborhoods. Though the senior center remains closed due to COVID-19, we must make our streets safe, so when social distancing restrictions are relaxed, our seniors can walk the streets without fear. “Make no mistake, the lawlessness we are seeing is due to the far-left policies and laws coming from City Hall and the New York State Legislature. It’s due to Mayor de Blasio, who first released thousands of criminals from Rikers Island before overseeing the defunding and degrading the NYPD. “In the 62nd precinct, where this attack took place, there have been 40% more misdemeanor and felony assaults in the past month compared to the same period in 2019. Within the confines of the NYPD’s Brooklyn South Command, murder is up 58%, while robberies increased 25%, car thefts are up 113% and shootings have more than tripled in just the past month, compared to the same period in 2019. “My record is clear; during my five terms in the Assembly I’ve always strongly supported law enforcement and fought hard against any attempts to weaken our laws or to release dangerous criminals onto our street. “Sadly, Congressman Max Rose doesn’t feel that way; he supports the closing of Rikers Island, releasing inmates from federal prisons and he even took part in a march on Staten Island that called for the defunding of the NYPD. We’ve had enough of elected officials who seem intent on deconstructing our laws and then sit silently by as crime creeps higher and higher. “Since the start of the COVID-19 outbreak, harassment of Asian New Yorkers is way up. Of the 248 cases of COVID related harassment or discrimination reported to the NYC Human Rights Commission between February and mid-April, 105 or 42% were aimed at Asians. While we are unsure what the impetus was in this incident, the figures are staggering and show a troubling trend that has most likely increased. “In Congress, I’ll fight for the federal law enforcement funding New York City needs and I’ll use the bully-pulpit of my office to speak-out against the lurch to lawlessness that we’ve all witnessed over the last 8 months.” Anyone with information regarding the above incident should call NYPD Crime-Stoppers at 1-800-577-TIPS.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Aug 06, 2020Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Watch: Malliotakis Campaign Launches “Thin Blue Line” Ad Mallotakis: I Will Be a Champion For Our National Parks NICOLEPress Releases | Nicole Malliotakis for Congress - Part 4Press ReleasesPosts navigationCongresswoman Nicole Malliotakis appears on FOX to discuss the spike in violent crimes that have been seen in her home state of New York. While there, she discussed how bail reform policies and the defunding the police, have led to increased criminal activity and the release of individuals with extensive criminal histories. Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis appeared on FOX to discuss the influence that the radical Left has on President Biden and how he must reject them in order to pass a fair and balanced, bipartisan infrastructure bill. President Biden: Keep America safe and out of the Iran deal – for the sake of our country and our allies in the region. Rejoining the Iran deal is a decision we simply cannot afford to make. Speaking to FNTV at the Souther Border at Rio Grande, Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis describes the out of control situation created by President Joe Biden’s reversal of Trump policies. Just another day in Nancy Pelosi’s Washington D.C. where the democrats are choosing politics and insiders above Americans.  Rep. Nicole Malliotakis continues to ask Gov. Cuomo and Mayor de Blasio to make a commitment to New Yorkers that if NY receives $50B in aid, they won’t increase income taxes driving people out, property tax levy that increases cost of living for homeowners & renters alike, and that they’ll stop toll hikes. The Democrats’ package is a jumbled mess less targeted towards COVID-relief and more so a mechanism for funding their ever-growing progressive wish list. . As published in the Staten Island Advance As a new Member of Congress, President Biden’s current $1.9 trillion COVID-19 relief package puts me in a quandary. While there are many components […] We didn’t seek the “Freedom Force” mantle, but we’re ready to take it up . By Rep. Nicole Malliotakis, Rep. Carlos Gimenez, Rep. María Elvira Salazar, and Rep. Victoria Spartz. As published on RollCall.com While the 2018 elections resulted in the formation of the socialist “squad,” the 2020 elections will undoubtedly be remembered as the […] Our push to reopen schools and resume school athletics continues. States are taking federal funds to support reopening them safely but aren’t. Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis discusses on Fox News. Rep. Nicole Malliotakis called for the Department of Justice to investigate Gov. Andrew Cuomo in order to provide “accountability” for what led to his administration’s directive to accept COVID positive patients into nursing homes. Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis was among those who pushed back on the Biden Administration’s plan to vaccinate 9/11 Mastermind and other terrorists before vulnerable citizens including 9/11 first responders and recovery workers. Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis says he needs to accept responsibility for his administration’s bad decisions that led to thousands of deaths of our most vulnerable and the cover-up that attempted to minimize it. On January 30, 2021, Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis sat down with Fox & Friends to discuss the status of indoor dining in NYC. U.S. Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis discusses Biden’s COVID relief proposal, Reopening New York’s economy, NYPD and NYC’s quality of life with Maria Bartiromo on Fox Business. On Newsmax, Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis discussed measures taken to accelerate vaccine distribution in NYC and reiterated her calks to reopen the local economy.Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post … 4 … STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare share share share share share share share share share share share share share share NICOLECorrection Officers' Benevolent Association Endorses Nicole Malliotakis for Congress | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressCorrection Officers’ Benevolent Association Endorses Nicole Malliotakis for Congress                 Boscio Calls Malliotakis a “True Friend of NYC’s Boldest” Who Has the Tenacity to Fight for First Responders and All Essential WorkersThe Correction Officers’ Benevolent Association (COBA), the second-largest law enforcement union in the City of New York, today endorsed Assembly Member Nicole Malliotakis for Congress in New York’s 11th Congressional District. “As a true friend of New York City’s Boldest, Nicole Malliotakis has the integrity, leadership, and dedication to serve as our voice in the United States Congress. On behalf of our 20,000 active and retired members, I am proud to endorse her candidacy for Congress,” said Benny Boscio Jr., President of the New York City Correction Officers’ Benevolent Association. “Now more than ever, Correction Officers, law enforcement officers, first responders, and other essential workers need to support candidates who have always had our backs and who have the tenacity to stand up for us in the fights that loom ahead. In the race for New York’s 11th Congressional District, Nicole is the only candidate who we can trust to fight for our members and their families.” President Boscio added, “New Yorkers should judge a candidate based on what they’ve done, not on what they say they’ll do. Throughout Nicole’s career in public office, she has been one of the few public voices standing up for and protecting Correction Officers. She has opposed closing Rikers Island and supports our call to take the $10 billion earmarked for new jails and reinvest that money into modernizing our current jails, making them safer for everyone. She supports keeping punitive segregation to separate violent offenders who terrorize Correction Officers and non-violent inmates. And during the height of COVID-19 pandemic, realizing the PPE shortages our members faced, Nicole donated 5,000 gloves to help keep Correction Officers safe. She embodies the exact leadership qualities that working men and women in this city need right now and we will do all that we can to help her get elected in November.” Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis said,“I want to thank the members of NYC Correction Officers Benevolent Association and their President, Benny Boscio, Jr. for their kind endorsement. In the New York State Assembly I have always supported the important work our correction officers do, especially this year with the dual challenges of bail reform and the COVID-19 outbreak. Unlike my opponent, I have been a vocal opponent against bail reform, the closing of Rikers Island and the building of jails in the neighborhoods of our city. In Congress and on the streets of our city I’ll continue to stand with you and all members of law enforcement as you work to make New York City a more safe and better place to live.”by Team Nicole on
                                                        Oct 01, 2020Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Combat Anti-Semitism Everywhere Political Action Committee Endorses Nicole Malliotakis Watch: Veterans Throw Support to Nicole Malliotakis During Day of Action NICOLEMalliotakis Backs the Support Peaceful Protest Act | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis Backs the Support Peaceful Protest ActTime for Federal Govt to Stop Enabling Violent or Destructive ProtestersAssemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis, the Republican and Conservative Party candidate for Congress in the New York’s 11th District (Staten Island-Southwestern Brooklyn) announced on her backing of the ‘Support Peaceful Protest Act’ which was introduced last week by Congressman Jim Banks, an Indiana Republican. The legislation would deny eligibility for enhanced federal unemployment benefits to anyone convicted of vandalism, looting or violence in relation to a protest march or demonstration. Malliotakis called the legislation, “a step in the right direction to combat the civil unrest our nation faces” and pledged to co-sponsor the legislation when elected to congress. Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis said, “Since the end of May we’ve seen civil unrest sweep across the country. While the vast majority of protesters have been peaceful, a small minority wreaked havoc; vandalizing private property, attacking monuments and government buildings, looting and engaging in vicious attacks in on law enforcement. “The Support Peaceful Protest Act is a step in the right direct to combat the civil unrest our nation faces. The passage of the Act would send a clear message to potential lawbreakers; if you are convicted of any of the serious crimes listed in the legislation, you will pay the price by being deemed ineligible for enhanced federal unemployment benefits like the $600 being dispersed as part of the COVID-19 economic stimulus package. It is ludicrous that federal government should be enabling destructive and violent anti-government agitators to collect a weekly allowance while they break laws and create mayhem in the streets of our cities. After being sworn in as a Member of Congress, one of my first acts will be to join Rep. Banks as a cosponsor of this legislation.”by Team Nicole on
                                                        Sep 01, 2020Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byLegislation Would Deny Payment to Those Guilty of Protest Related Crimes share Malliotakis: When Elected to Congress My First Bill Will Fully Fund the NYPD NYC PBA Endorses Nicole Malliotakis for Congress NICOLEGOP enrollment exceeds 100,000 for first time on S.I. | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressGOP enrollment exceeds 100,000 for first time on S.I.Aug 24, 2020Menu Menu Staten Island Advance NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byNYC police union endorses Nicole Malliotakis for Congress NYC Republican seeks to topple Democratic congressman through ‘law and order’ campaign NICOLEPress Releases | Nicole Malliotakis for Congress - Part 5Press ReleasesPosts navigationCongresswoman Nicole Malliotakis was officially sworn in on Sunday evening to represent Staten Island and Southwestern Brooklyn in the United States Congress. Congresswoman-elect Nicole Malliotakis appeared on Newsmax TV’s “American Agenda” to discuss the fight against socialism. Congresswoman-elect Nicole Malliotakis: ‘When AOC offers you free stuff, you’re paying for it with your freedom.’ The Republican message of freedom, opportunity & preservation of the American Dream needs to be heard on all networks. Last night’s Supreme Court decision is a victory for religious institutions, their congregations and all freedom-loving Americans. Congresswoman-Elect Nicole Malliatokis weighs in on the Biden camp’s plan to sign a bill for pathway to citizenship for 11 million immigrants. Nancy Pelosi will have the smallest majority since WWII and some Democrats are beginning to speak out against the radical left. Nicole Malliotakis talked with Jedediah Bila about her congressional race win and why ‘we must push back’ against socialism. Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis, the Republican and Conservative Party candidate in the hotly contested race for New York’s 11th Congressional District (Brooklyn-Staten Island), declared victory Tuesday night as supporters gathered under a tent set up behind her Staten Island, New York, headquarters. Teddy tells the story of Teddy Bertone, a 94 year-old World War II veteran and his family’s struggle to get his citizenship papers from the U.S. government. Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis  has received the endorsement of CASEPAC, a nonpartisan political action committee dedicated to combating increasing levels of antisemitism in the United States. The Correction Officers’ Benevolent Association (COBA), the second-largest law enforcement union in the City of New York, today endorsed Assembly Member Nicole Malliotakis for Congress in New York’s 11th Congressional District. Nicole Malliotakis announced the endorsement of the National Vietnam and Gulf War Veterans Coalition at a Sunday afternoon news conference held as part of Veterans for Malliotakis Day of Action. Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis holds a law & order rally where she received the endorsement of all 5 NYPD Unions over incumbent Rep. Max Rose- PBA, Sergeants, Detectives, Lieutenants and Captains- as well as the Port Authority. Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis announced the endorsement of the NFIB Federal PAC at a Thursday morning news conference on the grounds of ACME Industrial.Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post … 5 … STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare share share share share share share share share share share share share share share NICOLEMalliotakis: When Elected to Congress My First Bill Will Fully Fund the NYPD | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis: When Elected to Congress My First Bill Will Fully Fund the NYPD                 Lockbox for Funds – NYPD Officers Cross-DeputizedOn the heels of Bill de Blasio shamefully cutting $1 billion from the NYPD budget, Nicole Malliotakis announced her first priority in Congress would be restoring full funding to the New York Police Department and ensuring that violent criminals are kept off our streets. Malliotakis, the Republican and Conservative Party candidate in New York’s hotly contested Congressional District, has committed to making the very first bill she introduces in Congress a measure that will fully restore any cuts to the NYPD in order to immediately put an end to the crime and violence currently raging in New York thanks to Max Rose’s and Bill de Blasio’s disastrous policies. Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis said, “The brave men and women of the NYPD deserve our full support as they work to keep our streets safe and secure. While Max Rose and Bill de Blasio move to defund the police, close Rikers Island, and let dangerous criminals out of jail by ending cash bail, I’m going to make sure that I put the safety of New Yorkers first. By fully restoring funding to the NYPD through direct federal action, we will prevent de Blasio from continuing to put the rights felons before families.” Patrick Lynch, President of the Police Benevolent Association of the City of New York said, “Once again, Nicole Malliotakis is showing New York City police officers that she has our backs. She knows what we need to keep our city safe: support and resources, not slogans on a protest sign. We need her leadership down in Washington forthwith.” Ed Mullins, President of the Sergeants Benevolent Association said, “Simply put, the NYPD and New York’s law abiding citizens need Nicole Malliotakis in Congress. Max Rose, Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez and the rest of the liberal Democrats in the New York City congressional delegation have failed us; New York City needs a Republican representing us in Washington.” Paul DiGiacomo, President of the Detectives’ Endowment Association, called Assemblywoman Malliotakis, “A leader who always puts the safety of New Yorkers first. Ensuring that the men and women of the NYPD always have the backing to do our jobs means safe neighborhoods for everyone. Once again, Nicole leads when our other elected officials come up short.” Malliotakis is calling for guaranteed federal funds to be placed in lockboxes for public safety and security to ensure funding never decreases, as well as cross-deputizing New York City police officers to ensure that criminals who attack officers can face federal prosecution if local leaders fail to protect police.by Team Nicole on
                                                        Sep 04, 2020Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare Watch: Malliotakis Discusses Indoor Dining in NYC on Fox Business Malliotakis Backs the Support Peaceful Protest Act NICOLENYC police union endorses Nicole Malliotakis for Congress | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressNYC police union endorses Nicole Malliotakis for CongressAug 24, 2020Menu Menu Staten Island Advance NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byPBA backs Nicole Malliotakis over Max Rose in tight Staten Island race GOP enrollment exceeds 100,000 for first time on S.I. NICOLEPress Releases | Nicole Malliotakis for Congress - Part 6Press ReleasesPosts navigation“If Nicole can help you, she’s a phone call away. I don’t see anyone helping like she did.” Ken McIntyre from Tottenville. Nicole Malliotakis talks to FOX Business’ Melissa Francis about when New York City will allow indoor dining. Nicole Malliotakis announced her first priority in Congress would be restoring full funding to the New York Police Department and ensuring that violent criminals are kept off our streets. Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis announced her backing of the ‘Support Peaceful Protest Act’ which was introduced last week by Congressman Jim Banks, an Indiana Republican. Nicole Malliotakis received the endorsement of the Police Benevolent Association of the City of New York (NYC PBA) at a Monday morning news conference in front of One Police Plaza Assemblywoman and U.S. Congressional Candidate Nicole Malliotakis says that New Yorkers fed up with state’s soaring crime rate and sinking economy should vote Republican in November. Nicole Malliotakis announced today that thousands of Goya Food products delivered to her campaign headquarters were being distributed to 16 food pantries for the needy across Staten Island and Southwestern Brooklyn. Nicole discusses how Democrats in NY and around the country have turned their backs on law enforcement and are peddling dangerous and misguided policies that are making communities less safe. The campaign of Nicole Malliotakis premiered it’s new commercial Thin Blue Line on TV screens across the district on Friday. Lawlessness Due to Far Left Policies Coming from City Hall & Albany Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis, the Republican and Conservative Party candidate for Congress in the New York’s 11th District (Staten Island-Southwestern Brooklyn) held a Thursday morning news conference to condemn the recent attack on an 89 year-old Chinese woman who was slapped and lit on […] Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis held a news conference on Friday at the entrance to the Gateway National Recreation Area’s Great Kills Park on Hylan Boulevard on Staten Island, NY. Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis called-out Rep. Max Rose for voting to prevent non-public schools across New York City from receiving federal funding in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis joined with clergy, law enforcement and the public in a march across the Brooklyn Bridge to New York’s City Hall on Wednesday morning, calling for an end to gun violence and in support of of the NYPD. Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis slammed Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez for her newly launched effort to boycott Goya Foods and responded by announcing a Goya canned food drive that will benefit local food pantries. The 4th of July has always been special to me and freedom-loving Americans. This year, many of us face the holiday with trepidation as we reflect on the recent upheaval and unrest that has gripped our nation.Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post … 6 … STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare share share share share share share share share share share share share share share NICOLEPBA backs Nicole Malliotakis over Max Rose in tight Staten Island race | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressPBA backs Nicole Malliotakis over Max Rose in tight Staten Island raceAug 24, 2020Menu Menu New York Post NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byIn New York City, The GOP Makes A Stand For Law And Order NYC police union endorses Nicole Malliotakis for Congress NICOLEPress Releases | Nicole Malliotakis for Congress - Part 7Press ReleasesPosts navigationUnder the fixes achieved that take effect today, a variety of crimes are now listed as “qualifying charges,” which makes them eligible for bail. Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis, the Republican and Conservative Party candidate for New York’s 11th Congressional District (Staten Island-Southern Brooklyn) declared victory in tonight’s Republican Primary. Trump Jr: “My father and I are urging you to vote for Nicole Malliotakis in tomorrow’s Republican Primary. It is critical we elect Nicole Malliotakis to Congress, because Nicole will stand for law & order, and help my father restore American jobs while putting our contry first.” Nicole Malliotakis and Mike Tannousis have pledged to push for additional fixes to the dangerous bail law that took effect on April 1 after successfully advocating for changes that will take effect in July. The anarchy we have seen this week is a result of the rhetoric spoken and bad policies put in place by “progressive politicians” who have sent the message that there is no consequence for criminal actions. Nicole Malliotakis spoke at the Stand Up For Freedom Rally. Even Staten Island, which has met every single metric set by Governor Cuomo to reopen, remains shut down.  In response to COVID-19, the NYC SSVF grantees received additional CARES funding to assist Veterans in the community at risk of eviction, even with a moratorium in place. The eligibility criteria for SSVF prevention services have been relaxed during this time to assist as many households as possible. If you have any Veteran households you […] STATEN ISLAND, N.Y. — Staten Island Republican Assemblymembers Nicole Malliotakis and Michael Reilly have introduced legislation with the state’s minority conference that would give county leaders more control over state-of-emergency declarations in their home counties, limiting the governor’s powers. During the coronavirus outbreak, Gov. Andrew Cuomo used the expanded legal authority of the state of […] Malliotakis: My campaign has what it takes to defeat the left-leaning Max Rose! On Wednesday, the congressional campaign of Assemblywoman Nicole Maliotakis (NY-11) was elevated to the top level of the National Republican Congressional Committees (NRCC) Young Guns Program. The Young Guns designation means the candidate has met a series of goals and benchmarks that […] Since elective surgeries where banned in mid-March, thousands of New Yorkers have learned through suffering, pain and worry, that just because a medical procedure is deemed “elective” does not mean that it isn’t a medical necessity for the patient in question. Nicole Malliotakis joined ‘The Daily Briefing’ on Fox News to discuss the devastating effect of Governor Cuomo’s Executive Order on nursing homes. Malliotakis wrote to the governor individually and along with her colleagues in the Assembly Minority Conference urging him to open dentist offices. She has also been making a push to resume elective surgeries and preventive procedures throughout ALL 62 counties. The flag at St. Nicholas Home was a few years old and torn. Yesterday, Assemblywoman Malliotakis presented the home with not only an American Flag, but a POW/MIA flag just in time for Memorial Day.  The gowns are being produced by a New York City based garment manufacturing company, Top Notch Pattern, Inc., which is under contract with the City of New York, thanks to the assistance of Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis. This legislation, as drafted by the House Democrats, isn’t so much a stimulus bill as it is a liberal election year wish list.Menu Menu Nicole Malliotakis READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post READ post … 7 … STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byshare share share share share share share share share share share share share share share NICOLEIn New York City, The GOP Makes A Stand For Law And Order | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressIn New York City, The GOP Makes A Stand For Law And OrderSep 20, 2020Menu Menu The Federalist NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byAssemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis is Running for Congress PBA backs Nicole Malliotakis over Max Rose in tight Staten Island race NICOLEAssemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis is Running for Congress | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressAssemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis is Running for Congress                 SHE SUPPORTS ISRAEL & HAS OUR BEST INTERESTS AT HEARTHer parents came here from two different cultures, speaking two different languages and having little money. But they possessed a deep desire to live the American dream and enjoy all the freedoms this nation has to offer. With hard work and determination they prospered, eventually owning their own small business in Brooklyn. They also instilled in their daughter a respect for our country, the laws that govern it and, most importantly, the voters who empower our democracy. Nicole took their lessons to heart. She worked hard, earned an MBA and gained experience in the world of government by working as a community liaison for a State Senator and later for Governor George Pataki. In 2010, while still in her twenties, Malliotakis entered the political fray by running for the State Assembly and, to the surprise of observers, defeated an incumbent Assemblywoman by 10% of the vote! This year, her organizational skills paid off once again when she brought together members of the business community and volunteers to coordinate the donation and distribution of much-needed Personal Protective Equipment (PPE), including face-shields, N-95 masks, gloves, medical gowns, hand sanitizer and other items that were in short supply at the height of the COVID-19 outbreak. Assemblywoman Malliotakis and her team were able to deliver tens of thousands of items of PPE to hospitals, nursing homes, healthcare facilities, non-profits, first responders and others when the supplies were needed the most. As a strong supporter of law enforcement, especially the NYPD, Nicole Malliotakis has been an outspoken critic of New York’s criminal justice and bail reform laws that took effect on January 1, 2020. Not only have these so called “reforms” deconstructed the Rule of Law this nation was founded on, but they have also lead to the skyrocket- ing crime rates that have made our streets unsafe and have greatly increased the number of anti-Semitic acts that have spread fear throughout the Jewish community. Assemblywoman Malliotakis rightfully knows this increased lawlessness cannot be tolerated, especially the anti-Semitism. Malliotakis visited Israel during the summer of 2019 as part of a group hosted by the National Council of Young Israel. On the trip she visited the new US Embassy in Jerusalem, Hebron, Bethlehem and the West Bank, the Gaza border, the Western Wall and the Yad Vashem Holocaust Memorial. As Assemblywoman Malliotakis said, “Without a doubt, my visit to Yad Vashem and my opportunity to pray at the Western Wall were the most moving parts of my trip.” She continued, “Yad Vashem gave me a new under- standing of the unbelievable suffering of the Jewish people at the hands of the Nazis and underscores the faith and determination of those who escaped the ‘final solution’ and went on to build the democracy we all know as Israel. It brought new meaning to the words ‘Never Again’ and left a permanent mark on my conscience that we, as Americans, must be at the forefront of the fight against anti-Semitism and any other form of religious discrimination or hate.” She understands that anti-Semitism cannot be allowed on the streets of our city or in the US Congress and she has repeatedly spoken- out against the words, deeds and people who espouse it, especially members of the radical left like Congresswoman Ilhan Omar. Her tough stance on crime comes without apology, because she believes the first priority of any government is the protection of its citizens. That’s why she has been endorsed in her run for Congress by all the major police unions in New York City. When elected to Congress she will continue to stand up for what is right; strong support for the State of Israel and strong opposition to the work of Iran and anyone else who threatens Israel’s right to exist. She will continue to speak-out against the radically wrong BDS movement and the threat it poses to Israel’s economy. Assemblywoman Malliotakis summed things up by saying, “During my five terms in the New York State Assembly, I have always fought hard for the Jewish community and its needs. My trip to Israel (and I hope there are many more) has hardened my resolve and my belief that the US must never waiver in its support of Israel and its people. President Trump has reaffirmed that belief by brokering the peace accords between Israel, the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain that were signed at the White House on September 15th. If, G-d willing, I am elected to Congress, you have my assurances that I won’t back-down in my support of Israel and the fight to stop anti-Semitism wherever it might emerge.”Oct 05, 2020                         
                     
                             
         
     
 		
		
		
		 
		 				 
											 

		             
         
	 
		 
			 
 
 
 
 During her first term in office, Assemblywoman Malliotakis’ leadership skills were tested when Superstorm Sandy struck, devastating much of the Staten Island portion of her district which encompasses a large portion of the shoreline that runs south of the Verrazzano Bridge. Many of her constituents’ homes were destroyed or severely damaged, families were homeless, power was out and senior citizens throughout the district were at risk. The Assemblywoman sprung into action by immediately assess- ing the destruction and working closely with the city, state and federal governments, as well as charitable organizations and the private sector, to get her constituents the help they needed as quickly as possible. Since then, she has continued to fight for them through the long and arduous rebuilding process that has dragged on for years.Menu Menu Image Magazine NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byFOR THE PAST TEN YEARS, ASSEMBLYWOMAN NICOLE MALLIOTAKIS HAS SERVED AS A REPUBLICAN AND CONSERVATIVE MEMBER OF THE NEW YORK STATE LEGISLATURE REPRESENTING A DISTRICT THAT ANCHORS BOTH SIDES OF THE VERRAZZANO BRIDGE. SHE’S A FIRST-GENERATION AMERICAN WHOSE FATHER CAME FROM GREECE, WHILE HER MOTHER WAS A REFUGEE FROM CUBA—FLEEING THE ISLAND NATION AS A TEENAGER AFTER FIDEL CASTRO AND HIS COMMUNIST REGIME CAME TO POWER. New York Post Endorses Nicole Malliotakis for Congress In New York City, The GOP Makes A Stand For Law And Order NICOLENew York Post Endorses Nicole Malliotakis for Congress | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressNew York Post Endorses Nicole Malliotakis for CongressOct 25, 2020Menu Menu New York Post NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byPolls Show Tight Race Between Democrat Max Rose, Republican Nicole Malliotakis Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis is Running for Congress NICOLEPolls Show Tight Race Between Democrat Max Rose, Republican Nicole Malliotakis | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressPolls Show Tight Race Between Democrat Max Rose, Republican Nicole MalliotakisOct 26, 2020Menu Menu CBS2 New York NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byMalliotakis and Rose in dead heat as Election Day nears: poll New York Post Endorses Nicole Malliotakis for Congress NICOLEMalliotakis and Rose in dead heat as Election Day nears: poll | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis and Rose in dead heat as Election Day nears: pollOct 26, 2020Menu Menu New York Post NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byMalliotakis Narrowly Leads Rose in Tight Staten Island Race, NBC 4/Marist Poll Finds Polls Show Tight Race Between Democrat Max Rose, Republican Nicole Malliotakis NICOLEMalliotakis Narrowly Leads Rose in Tight Staten Island Race, NBC 4/Marist Poll Finds | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis Narrowly Leads Rose in Tight Staten Island Race, NBC 4/Marist Poll FindsOct 26, 2020Menu Menu NBC4 NEW YORK NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byWelcome to West Brighton, the Staten Island Neighborhood that Could Decide the Rose-Malliotakis House Race Malliotakis and Rose in dead heat as Election Day nears: poll NICOLEWelcome to West Brighton, the Staten Island Neighborhood that Could Decide the Rose-Malliotakis House Race | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressWelcome to West Brighton, the Staten Island Neighborhood that Could Decide the Rose-Malliotakis House RaceOct 28, 2020Menu Menu The City NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byNicole Malliotakis Endorsed by Trump Malliotakis Narrowly Leads Rose in Tight Staten Island Race, NBC 4/Marist Poll Finds NICOLENicole Malliotakis Endorsed by Trump | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressNicole Malliotakis Endorsed by TrumpOct 29, 2020Menu Menu The National Herald NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byMalliotakis Leads Rose by More Than 37,000 Votes in Staten Island Welcome to West Brighton, the Staten Island Neighborhood that Could Decide the Rose-Malliotakis House Race NICOLEMalliotakis Leads Rose by More Than 37,000 Votes in Staten Island | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis Leads Rose by More Than 37,000 Votes in Staten IslandNov 10, 2020Menu Menu The National Herald NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byRep. Max Rose Loses to Nicole Malliotakis as Republicans Take Back N.Y.C. Seat Nicole Malliotakis Endorsed by Trump NICOLERep. Max Rose Loses to Nicole Malliotakis as Republicans Take Back N.Y.C. Seat | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressRep. Max Rose Loses to Nicole Malliotakis as Republicans Take Back N.Y.C. SeatNov 12, 2020Menu Menu New York Times NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byRep-elect Nicole Malliotakis forming ‘Freedom Squad’ to counter AOC crew Malliotakis Leads Rose by More Than 37,000 Votes in Staten Island NICOLERep-elect Nicole Malliotakis forming 'Freedom Squad' to counter AOC crew | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressRep-elect Nicole Malliotakis forming ‘Freedom Squad’ to counter AOC crewNov 13, 2020Menu Menu New York Post NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byHere are the 17 GOP women newly elected to the House this year Rep. Max Rose Loses to Nicole Malliotakis as Republicans Take Back N.Y.C. Seat NICOLEHere are the 17 GOP women newly elected to the House this year | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressHere are the 17 GOP women newly elected to the House this yearNov 14, 2020Menu Menu The Hill NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byNicole Malliotakis has The Squad in her sights as new face of GOP Rep-elect Nicole Malliotakis forming ‘Freedom Squad’ to counter AOC crew NICOLENicole Malliotakis has The Squad in her sights as new face of GOP | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressNicole Malliotakis has The Squad in her sights as new face of GOPNov 14, 2020Menu Menu New York Post NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byNicole Malliotakis wins New York congressional race, flips seat red Here are the 17 GOP women newly elected to the House this year NICOLENicole Malliotakis wins New York congressional race, flips seat red | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressNicole Malliotakis wins New York congressional race, flips seat redNov 15, 2020Menu Menu Fox News NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byCongresswoman-Elect Malliotakis on How to Bring New Yorkers Back Nicole Malliotakis has The Squad in her sights as new face of GOP NICOLECongresswoman-Elect Malliotakis on How to Bring New Yorkers Back | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressCongresswoman-Elect Malliotakis on How to Bring New Yorkers BackNov 16, 2020Menu Menu Townhall NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byLaw and order helped Nicole Malliotakis flip New York seat in Congress Nicole Malliotakis wins New York congressional race, flips seat red NICOLELaw and order helped Nicole Malliotakis flip New York seat in Congress | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressLaw and order helped Nicole Malliotakis flip New York seat in CongressNov 16, 2020Menu Menu Fox Business NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byCongresswoman-elect rails against AOC, The Squad’s ‘socialist’ ideals Congresswoman-Elect Malliotakis on How to Bring New Yorkers Back NICOLECongresswoman-elect rails against AOC, The Squad's 'socialist' ideals | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressCongresswoman-elect rails against AOC, The Squad’s ‘socialist’ idealsNov 16, 2020Menu Menu Fox News NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byThe Red Wave of Conservative Women Elected to Congress Law and order helped Nicole Malliotakis flip New York seat in Congress NICOLEThe Red Wave of Conservative Women Elected to Congress | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressThe Red Wave of Conservative Women Elected to CongressNov 18, 2020Menu Menu Texas Insider NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byNY’s Malliotakis to Lead Anti-Socialist ‘Freedom Squad’ in Congress Congresswoman-elect rails against AOC, The Squad’s ‘socialist’ ideals NICOLENY's Malliotakis to Lead Anti-Socialist 'Freedom Squad' in Congress | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressNY’s Malliotakis to Lead Anti-Socialist ‘Freedom Squad’ in CongressNov 18, 2020Menu Menu Jewish Voice NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byThis election’s real winners? Republican women and minorities The Red Wave of Conservative Women Elected to Congress NICOLEThis election's real winners? Republican women and minorities | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressThis election’s real winners? Republican women and minoritiesNov 19, 2020Menu Menu Deseret News NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byYear of the Republican woman NY’s Malliotakis to Lead Anti-Socialist ‘Freedom Squad’ in Congress NICOLEYear of the Republican woman | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressYear of the Republican womanNov 19, 2020Menu Menu Washington Examiner NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byHouse Republican Conference Welcomes Four New Hispanic Members This election’s real winners? Republican women and minorities NICOLEHouse Republican Conference Welcomes Four New Hispanic Members | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressHouse Republican Conference Welcomes Four New Hispanic MembersNov 19, 2020Menu Menu Latin Post NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered by‘Move over AOC’: Nikki Haley praises new anti-socialist ‘Freedom Squad’ of Republican congresswomen Year of the Republican woman NICOLE'Move over AOC': Nikki Haley praises new anti-socialist 'Freedom Squad' of Republican congresswomen | Nicole Malliotakis for Congress‘Move over AOC’: Nikki Haley praises new anti-socialist ‘Freedom Squad’ of Republican congresswomenNov 20, 2020Menu Menu Washington Examiner NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byNew York City’s lone Republican in Congress takes aim at AOC House Republican Conference Welcomes Four New Hispanic Members NICOLENew York City's lone Republican in Congress takes aim at AOC | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressNew York City’s lone Republican in Congress takes aim at AOCNov 21, 2020Menu Menu Politico NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byGOP Congresswoman-Elect Wants to Form ‘Alliances’ With Democrats to ‘Shut Down the Socialist Squad’ ‘Move over AOC’: Nikki Haley praises new anti-socialist ‘Freedom Squad’ of Republican congresswomen NICOLEGOP Congresswoman-Elect Wants to Form 'Alliances' With Democrats to 'Shut Down the Socialist Squad' | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressGOP Congresswoman-Elect Wants to Form ‘Alliances’ With Democrats to ‘Shut Down the Socialist Squad’Nov 24, 2020Menu Menu Newsweek NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byEXCLUSIVE – Incoming GOP Rep. Nicole Malliotakis: Anti-Socialist Freshman Class Here to ‘Preserve America’ New York City’s lone Republican in Congress takes aim at AOC NICOLEEXCLUSIVE – Incoming GOP Rep. Nicole Malliotakis: Anti-Socialist Freshman Class Here to 'Preserve America' | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressEXCLUSIVE – Incoming GOP Rep. Nicole Malliotakis: Anti-Socialist Freshman Class Here to ‘Preserve America’Nov 26, 2020Menu Menu Breitbart NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byAfter record-breaking victories, this is what newly elected GOP women had to say about the future of their party GOP Congresswoman-Elect Wants to Form ‘Alliances’ With Democrats to ‘Shut Down the Socialist Squad’ NICOLEAfter record-breaking victories, this is what newly elected GOP women had to say about the future of their party | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressAfter record-breaking victories, this is what newly elected GOP women had to say about the future of their partyNov 29, 2020Menu Menu CNN NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byMalliotakis mulls conservative clique to counter Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez ‘Squad’ EXCLUSIVE – Incoming GOP Rep. Nicole Malliotakis: Anti-Socialist Freshman Class Here to ‘Preserve America’ NICOLEMalliotakis mulls conservative clique to counter Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez 'Squad' | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis mulls conservative clique to counter Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez ‘Squad’Nov 29, 2020Menu Menu NY Daily News NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byIncoming GOP congresswoman to take aim at AOC with conservative ‘squad’ After record-breaking victories, this is what newly elected GOP women had to say about the future of their party NICOLEIncoming GOP congresswoman to take aim at AOC with conservative 'squad' | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressIncoming GOP congresswoman to take aim at AOC with conservative ‘squad’Nov 29, 2020Menu Menu Politico NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byGOP Congresswoman-elect Nicole Malliotakis Has An Answer To AOC’s ‘Squad’ Malliotakis mulls conservative clique to counter Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez ‘Squad’ NICOLEGOP Congresswoman-elect Nicole Malliotakis Has An Answer To AOC's 'Squad' | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressGOP Congresswoman-elect Nicole Malliotakis Has An Answer To AOC’s ‘Squad’Nov 30, 2020Menu Menu International Business Times NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byIt’s official: GOP’s Nicole Malliotakis ousts Democratic Rep. Max Rose in New York Incoming GOP congresswoman to take aim at AOC with conservative ‘squad’ NICOLEIt's official: GOP's Nicole Malliotakis ousts Democratic Rep. Max Rose in New York | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressIt’s official: GOP’s Nicole Malliotakis ousts Democratic Rep. Max Rose in New YorkDec 01, 2020Menu Menu The Washington Times NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byNYC Rep-elect Nicole Malliotakis says AOC’s growing influence in New York politics must stop GOP Congresswoman-elect Nicole Malliotakis Has An Answer To AOC’s ‘Squad’ NICOLENYC Rep-elect Nicole Malliotakis says AOC's growing influence in New York politics must stop | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressNYC Rep-elect Nicole Malliotakis says AOC’s growing influence in New York politics must stopDec 08, 2020Menu Menu Fox News NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byNewly elected GOP ‘Freedom Force’ unites to fight socialism and the ‘Squad’ It’s official: GOP’s Nicole Malliotakis ousts Democratic Rep. Max Rose in New York NICOLENewly elected GOP 'Freedom Force' unites to fight socialism and the 'Squad' | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressNewly elected GOP ‘Freedom Force’ unites to fight socialism and the ‘Squad’Dec 28, 2020Menu Menu The Blaze NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byNY Congresswomen Slam Nancy Pelosi’s New House Gender Rules NYC Rep-elect Nicole Malliotakis says AOC’s growing influence in New York politics must stop NICOLENY Congresswomen Slam Nancy Pelosi's New House Gender Rules | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressNY Congresswomen Slam Nancy Pelosi’s New House Gender RulesJan 06, 2021Menu Menu The Jewish Voice NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byNicole Malliotakis Sworn in as Congresswoman Newly elected GOP ‘Freedom Force’ unites to fight socialism and the ‘Squad’ NICOLENicole Malliotakis Sworn in as Congresswoman | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressNicole Malliotakis Sworn in as CongresswomanJan 06, 2021Menu Menu The National Herald NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byNicole Malliotakis Named Assistant Whip for Republican Conference NY Congresswomen Slam Nancy Pelosi’s New House Gender Rules NICOLENicole Malliotakis Named Assistant Whip for Republican Conference | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressNicole Malliotakis Named Assistant Whip for Republican ConferenceJan 24, 2021Menu Menu Greek Reporter NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byMalliotakis to Serve on House Committee on Transportation & Infrastructure Nicole Malliotakis Sworn in as Congresswoman NICOLEMalliotakis to Serve on House Committee on Transportation & Infrastructure | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis to Serve on House Committee on Transportation & InfrastructureJan 26, 2021Menu Menu The National Herald NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byMalliotakis named to two key House committees Nicole Malliotakis Named Assistant Whip for Republican Conference NICOLEMalliotakis named to two key House committees | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis named to two key House committeesJan 29, 2021Menu Menu Brooklyn Reporter NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byRep. Nicole Malliotakis: Cuomo’s indoor dining restrictions are ‘discriminating against New York City’ Malliotakis to Serve on House Committee on Transportation & Infrastructure NICOLERep. Nicole Malliotakis: Cuomo's indoor dining restrictions are 'discriminating against New York City' | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressRep. Nicole Malliotakis: Cuomo’s indoor dining restrictions are ‘discriminating against New York City’Jan 30, 2021Menu Menu Fox News NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byRep. Nicole Malliotakis to Newsmax TV: Vaccinating Terrorists ‘Unconscionable’ Malliotakis named to two key House committees NICOLERep. Nicole Malliotakis to Newsmax TV: Vaccinating Terrorists 'Unconscionable' | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressRep. Nicole Malliotakis to Newsmax TV: Vaccinating Terrorists ‘Unconscionable’Jan 30, 2021Menu Menu Newsmax NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byRep. Malliotakis: ‘Biden has turned over our border to the cartels’ Rep. Nicole Malliotakis: Cuomo’s indoor dining restrictions are ‘discriminating against New York City’ NICOLERep. Malliotakis: 'Biden has turned over our border to the cartels' | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressRep. Malliotakis: ‘Biden has turned over our border to the cartels’Apr 10, 2021Menu Menu New York Post NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byRep. Malliotakis visits the border amid migrant crisis Rep. Nicole Malliotakis to Newsmax TV: Vaccinating Terrorists ‘Unconscionable’ NICOLERep. Malliotakis visits the border amid migrant crisis | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressRep. Malliotakis visits the border amid migrant crisisApr 15, 2021Menu Menu One America News NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byMalliotakis Pushes for Reopening Schools Rep. Malliotakis: ‘Biden has turned over our border to the cartels’ NICOLEMalliotakis Pushes for Reopening Schools | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis Pushes for Reopening SchoolsApr 15, 2021Menu Menu Shorefront News NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byExclusive — Rep. Nicole Malliotakis: Cartels Are ‘Making Half a Billion Dollars a Month’ Rep. Malliotakis visits the border amid migrant crisis NICOLEExclusive — Rep. Nicole Malliotakis: Cartels Are 'Making Half a Billion Dollars a Month' | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressExclusive — Rep. Nicole Malliotakis: Cartels Are ‘Making Half a Billion Dollars a Month’Apr 15, 2021Menu Menu Breitbart NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byMalliotakis pushes for full-time in-person learning in NYC during hearing with Fauci Malliotakis Pushes for Reopening Schools NICOLEMalliotakis pushes for full-time in-person learning in NYC during hearing with Fauci | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis pushes for full-time in-person learning in NYC during hearing with FauciApr 16, 2021Menu Menu Staten Island Advance NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byNY lawmakers tour parts of US-Mexico border amid migrant surge Exclusive — Rep. Nicole Malliotakis: Cartels Are ‘Making Half a Billion Dollars a Month’ NICOLENY lawmakers tour parts of US-Mexico border amid migrant surge | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressNY lawmakers tour parts of US-Mexico border amid migrant surgeApr 17, 2021Menu Menu NY1 NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byRep. Malliotakis slams Dems over court packing bill Malliotakis pushes for full-time in-person learning in NYC during hearing with Fauci NICOLERep. Malliotakis slams Dems over court packing bill | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressRep. Malliotakis slams Dems over court packing billApr 17, 2021Menu Menu One America News NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byRep. Nicole Malliotakis asks feds to help restore law and order in NYC NY lawmakers tour parts of US-Mexico border amid migrant surge NICOLERep. Nicole Malliotakis asks feds to help restore law and order in NYC | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressRep. Nicole Malliotakis asks feds to help restore law and order in NYCMay 08, 2021Menu Menu New York Post NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byNew bill would ban BLM, other ‘political flags’ from flying at US embassies Rep. Malliotakis slams Dems over court packing bill NICOLENew bill would ban BLM, other 'political flags' from flying at US embassies | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressNew bill would ban BLM, other ‘political flags’ from flying at US embassiesMay 29, 2021Menu Menu New York Post NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byMalliotakis introduces bill that would ban BLM, other flags at U.S. embassies Rep. Nicole Malliotakis asks feds to help restore law and order in NYC NICOLEMalliotakis introduces bill that would ban BLM, other flags at U.S. embassies | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis introduces bill that would ban BLM, other flags at U.S. embassiesMay 30, 2021Menu Menu Staten Island Advance NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byRep. Malliotakis: The infrastructure bill is ‘incredibly’ important for aging cities like New York New bill would ban BLM, other ‘political flags’ from flying at US embassies NICOLERep. Malliotakis: The infrastructure bill is 'incredibly' important for aging cities like New York | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressRep. Malliotakis: The infrastructure bill is ‘incredibly’ important for aging cities like New YorkNov 09, 2021Menu Menu FOX News NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byMalliotakis introduces bill to defund supervised injection sites Malliotakis introduces bill that would ban BLM, other flags at U.S. embassies NICOLEMalliotakis introduces bill to defund supervised injection sites | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis introduces bill to defund supervised injection sitesDec 09, 2021Menu Menu Staten Island Advance NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byMalliotakis calls on Republicans to ‘stand strong’ against Biden’s agenda Rep. Malliotakis: The infrastructure bill is ‘incredibly’ important for aging cities like New York NICOLEMalliotakis calls on Republicans to 'stand strong' against Biden's agenda | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis calls on Republicans to ‘stand strong’ against Biden’s agendaDec 23, 2021Menu Menu Fox News NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byMalliotakis: People have had enough of the government overreach during the pandemic Malliotakis introduces bill to defund supervised injection sites NICOLEMalliotakis: People have had enough of the government overreach during the pandemic | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis: People have had enough of the government overreach during the pandemicDec 27, 2021Menu Menu Fox News NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byBiden’s Build Back Better bill is dead: Rep. Nicole Malliotakis Malliotakis calls on Republicans to ‘stand strong’ against Biden’s agenda NICOLEBiden's Build Back Better bill is dead: Rep. Nicole Malliotakis | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressBiden’s Build Back Better bill is dead: Rep. Nicole MalliotakisDec 30, 2021Menu Menu Fox News NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byRep. Malliotakis slams Biden for not fulfilling campaign promises Malliotakis: People have had enough of the government overreach during the pandemic NICOLERep. Malliotakis slams Biden for not fulfilling campaign promises | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressRep. Malliotakis slams Biden for not fulfilling campaign promisesJan 02, 2022Menu Menu Fox News NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byRep. Malliotakis slams Biden for focusing on COVID mandates, not treatments Biden’s Build Back Better bill is dead: Rep. Nicole Malliotakis NICOLERep. Malliotakis slams Biden for focusing on COVID mandates, not treatments | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressRep. Malliotakis slams Biden for focusing on COVID mandates, not treatmentsJan 02, 2022Menu Menu Fox News NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byMalliotakis Applauds Supreme Court Blocking Vaccine Mandate for Large Businesses Rep. Malliotakis slams Biden for not fulfilling campaign promises NICOLEMalliotakis Applauds Supreme Court Blocking Vaccine Mandate for Large Businesses | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis Applauds Supreme Court Blocking Vaccine Mandate for Large BusinessesJan 14, 2022Menu Menu The National Herald NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byRep. Malliotakis on NYPD officer shooting: ‘Enough is enough’ Rep. Malliotakis slams Biden for focusing on COVID mandates, not treatments NICOLERep. Malliotakis on NYPD officer shooting: 'Enough is enough' | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressRep. Malliotakis on NYPD officer shooting: ‘Enough is enough’Jan 22, 2022Menu Menu Fox News NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byMalliotakis Slams Max Rose on Non-Citizen Voting Malliotakis Applauds Supreme Court Blocking Vaccine Mandate for Large Businesses NICOLEMalliotakis Slams Max Rose on Non-Citizen Voting | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis Slams Max Rose on Non-Citizen VotingJan 25, 2022Menu Menu Shorefront News NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered by‘Elections matter:’ Rep. Malliotakis fires back at feds’ consideration of safe injection sites Rep. Malliotakis on NYPD officer shooting: ‘Enough is enough’ NICOLE'Elections matter:' Rep. Malliotakis fires back at feds' consideration of safe injection sites | Nicole Malliotakis for Congress‘Elections matter:’ Rep. Malliotakis fires back at feds’ consideration of safe injection sitesFeb 09, 2022Menu Menu Staten Island Advance NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byMalliotakis ‘mad as hell’ Biden admin. wants to 2 close NYC VA hospitals Malliotakis Slams Max Rose on Non-Citizen Voting NICOLEMalliotakis 'mad as hell' Biden admin. wants to 2 close NYC VA hospitals | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis ‘mad as hell’ Biden admin. wants to 2 close NYC VA hospitalsMar 09, 2022Menu Menu New York Post NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byMalliotakis secures millions in funding for various S.I. resources ‘Elections matter:’ Rep. Malliotakis fires back at feds’ consideration of safe injection sites NICOLEMalliotakis secures millions in funding for various S.I. resources | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis secures millions in funding for various S.I. resourcesMar 17, 2022Menu Menu Staten Island Advance NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byCongresswoman slams Democrats for ‘war on cars’ Malliotakis ‘mad as hell’ Biden admin. wants to 2 close NYC VA hospitals NICOLECongresswoman slams Democrats for 'war on cars' | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressCongresswoman slams Democrats for ‘war on cars’Mar 17, 2022Menu Menu Fox News NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byS.I. pols say VA plan to close Brooklyn, Manhattan hospitals is ‘unacceptable’ Malliotakis secures millions in funding for various S.I. resources NICOLES.I. pols say VA plan to close Brooklyn, Manhattan hospitals is 'unacceptable' | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressS.I. pols say VA plan to close Brooklyn, Manhattan hospitals is ‘unacceptable’Mar 25, 2022Menu Menu Staten Island Advance NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byMalliotakis hosts public safety roundtable with NYC Asian-American leaders Congresswoman slams Democrats for ‘war on cars’ NICOLEMalliotakis hosts public safety roundtable with NYC Asian-American leaders | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis hosts public safety roundtable with NYC Asian-American leadersMar 28, 2022Menu Menu Staten Island Advance NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byMalliotakis Slams Plan to Close Rikers, Open Borough Based Jails S.I. pols say VA plan to close Brooklyn, Manhattan hospitals is ‘unacceptable’ NICOLEMalliotakis Slams Plan to Close Rikers, Open Borough Based Jails | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis Slams Plan to Close Rikers, Open Borough Based JailsMar 30, 2022Menu Menu Shorefront News NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byRepublicans write to Biden urging him to divide seized Taliban assets equally among 9/11 victims Malliotakis hosts public safety roundtable with NYC Asian-American leaders NICOLERepublicans write to Biden urging him to divide seized Taliban assets equally among 9/11 victims | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressRepublicans write to Biden urging him to divide seized Taliban assets equally among 9/11 victimsApr 07, 2022Menu Menu Daily Mail NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byDemocrats’ ‘destructive’ policies will catapult GOP to a ‘big win’ in November: Rep. Malliotakis Malliotakis Slams Plan to Close Rikers, Open Borough Based Jails NICOLEDemocrats' 'destructive' policies will catapult GOP to a 'big win' in November: Rep. Malliotakis | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressDemocrats’ ‘destructive’ policies will catapult GOP to a ‘big win’ in November: Rep. MalliotakisApr 11, 2022Menu Menu Fox News NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byNY Needs to Fund Police and Stop Being Soft on Crime: Rep. Nicole Malliotakis Republicans write to Biden urging him to divide seized Taliban assets equally among 9/11 victims NICOLENY Needs to Fund Police and Stop Being Soft on Crime: Rep. Nicole Malliotakis | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressNY Needs to Fund Police and Stop Being Soft on Crime: Rep. Nicole MalliotakisApr 17, 2022Menu Menu The Epoch TImes NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byMalliotakis Raises Over $700,000 in First Quarter; Over $2.3 Million Total Democrats’ ‘destructive’ policies will catapult GOP to a ‘big win’ in November: Rep. Malliotakis NICOLEMalliotakis Raises Over $700,000 in First Quarter; Over $2.3 Million Total | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis Raises Over $700,000 in First Quarter; Over $2.3 Million TotalApr 20, 2022Menu Menu Shorefront News NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byStefanik, Malliotakis slam Dems’ ‘gerrymandered’ congressional map, praise court’s ruling NY Needs to Fund Police and Stop Being Soft on Crime: Rep. Nicole Malliotakis NICOLEStefanik, Malliotakis slam Dems' 'gerrymandered' congressional map, praise court's ruling | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressStefanik, Malliotakis slam Dems’ ‘gerrymandered’ congressional map, praise court’s rulingApr 22, 2022Menu Menu Fox News NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byMalliotakis secures $2.9 million in federal funds for NYPD Malliotakis Raises Over $700,000 in First Quarter; Over $2.3 Million Total NICOLEMalliotakis secures $2.9 million in federal funds for NYPD | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis secures $2.9 million in federal funds for NYPDApr 27, 2022Menu Menu Brooklyn Paper NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byMalliotakis coordinates donation of 13,000 pounds of Goya Foods to local pantries Stefanik, Malliotakis slam Dems’ ‘gerrymandered’ congressional map, praise court’s ruling NICOLEMalliotakis coordinates donation of 13,000 pounds of Goya Foods to local pantries | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis coordinates donation of 13,000 pounds of Goya Foods to local pantriesMay 12, 2022Menu Menu Staten Island Advance NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byMalliotakis Meets with Greek Prime Minister Kyriakos Mitsotakis Malliotakis secures $2.9 million in federal funds for NYPD NICOLEMalliotakis Meets with Greek Prime Minister Kyriakos Mitsotakis | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis Meets with Greek Prime Minister Kyriakos MitsotakisMay 18, 2022Menu Menu The National Herald NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byJudge Approves N.Y. House Map, Cementing Chaos for Democrats Malliotakis coordinates donation of 13,000 pounds of Goya Foods to local pantries NICOLEJudge Approves N.Y. House Map, Cementing Chaos for Democrats | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressJudge Approves N.Y. House Map, Cementing Chaos for DemocratsMay 21, 2022Menu Menu New York Times NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byRedrawn congressional lines dividing Democrats, ‘earthquake’ for New York politics Malliotakis Meets with Greek Prime Minister Kyriakos Mitsotakis NICOLERedrawn congressional lines dividing Democrats, 'earthquake' for New York politics | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressRedrawn congressional lines dividing Democrats, ‘earthquake’ for New York politicsMay 21, 2022Menu Menu NY Daily News NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byThe Bright Red District in the Heart of New York City Judge Approves N.Y. House Map, Cementing Chaos for Democrats NICOLEThe Bright Red District in the Heart of New York City | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressThe Bright Red District in the Heart of New York CityMay 24, 2022Menu Menu New York Sun NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byMalliotakis Named Grand Marshal for Greek Independence Day Parade Redrawn congressional lines dividing Democrats, ‘earthquake’ for New York politics NICOLEMalliotakis Named Grand Marshal for Greek Independence Day Parade | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis Named Grand Marshal for Greek Independence Day ParadeJun 03, 2022Menu Menu The National Herald NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byGreat Kills Harbor to get $6.75M dredging project thanks to last year’s bipartisan infrastructure act The Bright Red District in the Heart of New York City NICOLEGreat Kills Harbor to get $6.75M dredging project thanks to last year's bipartisan infrastructure act | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressGreat Kills Harbor to get $6.75M dredging project thanks to last year’s bipartisan infrastructure actJun 13, 2022Menu Menu Staten Island Advance NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byRep. Nicole Malliotakis (R-NY) on the Biden Admin’s Border Policies & Navigating Red Tape Malliotakis Named Grand Marshal for Greek Independence Day Parade NICOLERep. Nicole Malliotakis (R-NY) on the Biden Admin's Border Policies & Navigating Red Tape | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressRep. Nicole Malliotakis (R-NY) on the Biden Admin’s Border Policies & Navigating Red TapeJun 14, 2022Menu Menu Sirius XM Radio NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byAn empty chair sits in Congresswoman Malliotakis’ office to remind us of all who went to war, but never came home Great Kills Harbor to get $6.75M dredging project thanks to last year’s bipartisan infrastructure act NICOLEAn empty chair sits in Congresswoman Malliotakis' office to remind us of all who went to war, but never came home | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressAn empty chair sits in Congresswoman Malliotakis’ office to remind us of all who went to war, but never came homeJun 16, 2022Menu Menu Staten Island Advance NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byRep. Malliotakis, National Parks Service announce return of summer kayaking events Rep. Nicole Malliotakis (R-NY) on the Biden Admin’s Border Policies & Navigating Red Tape NICOLERep. Malliotakis, National Parks Service announce return of summer kayaking events | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressRep. Malliotakis, National Parks Service announce return of summer kayaking eventsJun 22, 2022Menu Menu Staten Island Advance NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered by‘The Failure, The Utter Incompetence’: GOP Lawmaker Torches VP Kamala Harris Over Border An empty chair sits in Congresswoman Malliotakis’ office to remind us of all who went to war, but never came home NICOLE'The Failure, The Utter Incompetence': GOP Lawmaker Torches VP Kamala Harris Over Border | Nicole Malliotakis for Congress‘The Failure, The Utter Incompetence’: GOP Lawmaker Torches VP Kamala Harris Over BorderJun 22, 2022Menu Menu Forbes NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byNY Supreme Court strikes down law allowing noncitizens to vote Rep. Malliotakis, National Parks Service announce return of summer kayaking events NICOLENY Supreme Court strikes down law allowing noncitizens to vote | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressNY Supreme Court strikes down law allowing noncitizens to voteJun 27, 2022Menu Menu Fox News NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byMalliotakis, Bilirakis Statement on Biden Meeting with Turkish President Erdogan ‘The Failure, The Utter Incompetence’: GOP Lawmaker Torches VP Kamala Harris Over Border NICOLEMalliotakis, Bilirakis Statement on Biden Meeting with Turkish President Erdogan | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis, Bilirakis Statement on Biden Meeting with Turkish President ErdoganJun 30, 2022Menu Menu The National Herald NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered by‘Woke politicians’ need to ‘get serious’ about law and order: Rep. Malliotakis NY Supreme Court strikes down law allowing noncitizens to vote NICOLE'Woke politicians' need to 'get serious' about law and order: Rep. Malliotakis | Nicole Malliotakis for Congress‘Woke politicians’ need to ‘get serious’ about law and order: Rep. MalliotakisJul 06, 2022Menu Menu Fox Business NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byMalliotakis calls on President Biden to save VA hospitals Malliotakis, Bilirakis Statement on Biden Meeting with Turkish President Erdogan NICOLEMalliotakis calls on President Biden to save VA hospitals | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis calls on President Biden to save VA hospitalsJul 06, 2022Menu Menu Staten Island Advance NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byVP Harris is ‘completely incompetent’: Rep. Malliotakis ‘Woke politicians’ need to ‘get serious’ about law and order: Rep. Malliotakis NICOLEVP Harris is 'completely incompetent': Rep. Malliotakis | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressVP Harris is ‘completely incompetent’: Rep. MalliotakisJul 06, 2022Menu Menu Fox News NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byGOP representative calls for tougher action to combat China Malliotakis calls on President Biden to save VA hospitals NICOLEGOP representative calls for tougher action to combat China | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressGOP representative calls for tougher action to combat ChinaJul 07, 2022Menu Menu Fox Business NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byNicole Malliotakis leads Max Rose by 15 points in NY congressional race: GOP poll VP Harris is ‘completely incompetent’: Rep. Malliotakis NICOLENicole Malliotakis leads Max Rose by 15 points in NY congressional race: GOP poll | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressNicole Malliotakis leads Max Rose by 15 points in NY congressional race: GOP pollJul 07, 2022Menu Menu New York Post NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered by‘Joe Biden and the Democrats are lying’ to the American people: Rep. Malliotakis GOP representative calls for tougher action to combat China NICOLE'Joe Biden and the Democrats are lying' to the American people: Rep. Malliotakis | Nicole Malliotakis for Congress‘Joe Biden and the Democrats are lying’ to the American people: Rep. MalliotakisJul 08, 2022Menu Menu Fox News NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byMalliotakis grills NY liberal soft-on-crime policies Nicole Malliotakis leads Max Rose by 15 points in NY congressional race: GOP poll NICOLEMalliotakis grills NY liberal soft-on-crime policies | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis grills NY liberal soft-on-crime policiesJul 10, 2022Menu Menu Fox News NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byMalliotakis Cosponsors Amendment Prohibiting F-16 Sale to Turkey ‘Joe Biden and the Democrats are lying’ to the American people: Rep. Malliotakis NICOLEMalliotakis Cosponsors Amendment Prohibiting F-16 Sale to Turkey | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis Cosponsors Amendment Prohibiting F-16 Sale to TurkeyJul 11, 2022Menu Menu Hellenic News of America NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byRep. Malliotakis, 60 other Americans, named to Iranian sanctions list Malliotakis grills NY liberal soft-on-crime policies NICOLERep. Malliotakis, 60 other Americans, named to Iranian sanctions list | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressRep. Malliotakis, 60 other Americans, named to Iranian sanctions listJul 19, 2022Menu Menu Staten Island Advance NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byNYC congestion pricing: Malliotakis calls on U.S. Transportation secretary to ensure thorough process Malliotakis Cosponsors Amendment Prohibiting F-16 Sale to Turkey NICOLENYC congestion pricing: Malliotakis calls on U.S. Transportation secretary to ensure thorough process | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressNYC congestion pricing: Malliotakis calls on U.S. Transportation secretary to ensure thorough processJul 20, 2022Menu Menu Staten Island Advance NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byRep. Malliotakis blasts AOC, Omar: They think being arrested helps them politically Rep. Malliotakis, 60 other Americans, named to Iranian sanctions list NICOLERep. Malliotakis blasts AOC, Omar: They think being arrested helps them politically | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressRep. Malliotakis blasts AOC, Omar: They think being arrested helps them politicallyJul 20, 2022Menu Menu Fox News NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byMalliotakis on Congestion Pricing and Attack on Lee Zeldin NYC congestion pricing: Malliotakis calls on U.S. Transportation secretary to ensure thorough process NICOLEMalliotakis on Congestion Pricing and Attack on Lee Zeldin | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis on Congestion Pricing and Attack on Lee ZeldinJul 22, 2022Menu Menu The Joe Piscopo Show NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byMalliotakis introduces legislation to compensate widows and children of 9/11 victims Rep. Malliotakis blasts AOC, Omar: They think being arrested helps them politically NICOLEMalliotakis introduces legislation to compensate widows and children of 9/11 victims | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis introduces legislation to compensate widows and children of 9/11 victimsAug 04, 2022Menu Menu Staten Island Advance NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byRep. Malliotakis introduces bill to hold New York, Hochul accountable for lax bail law after Lee Zeldin attack Malliotakis on Congestion Pricing and Attack on Lee Zeldin NICOLERep. Malliotakis introduces bill to hold New York, Hochul accountable for lax bail law after Lee Zeldin attack | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressRep. Malliotakis introduces bill to hold New York, Hochul accountable for lax bail law after Lee Zeldin attackAug 04, 2022Menu Menu Fox News NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byMalliotakis: Congestion pricing is unproven, ineffective and costly for New Yorkers Malliotakis introduces legislation to compensate widows and children of 9/11 victims NICOLEMalliotakis: Congestion pricing is unproven, ineffective and costly for New Yorkers | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis: Congestion pricing is unproven, ineffective and costly for New YorkersAug 08, 2022Menu Menu Staten Island Advance NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byGottheimer, Malliotakis slam congestion pricing at bipartisan press conference Rep. Malliotakis introduces bill to hold New York, Hochul accountable for lax bail law after Lee Zeldin attack NICOLEGottheimer, Malliotakis slam congestion pricing at bipartisan press conference | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressGottheimer, Malliotakis slam congestion pricing at bipartisan press conferenceAug 15, 2022Menu Menu New Jersey Globe NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byRep. Malliotakis forges allyship with Lee Zeldin, ramps up calls to combat migrant ‘chaos’ in New York Malliotakis: Congestion pricing is unproven, ineffective and costly for New Yorkers NICOLERep. Malliotakis forges allyship with Lee Zeldin, ramps up calls to combat migrant 'chaos' in New York | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressRep. Malliotakis forges allyship with Lee Zeldin, ramps up calls to combat migrant ‘chaos’ in New YorkAug 15, 2022Menu Menu Fox Business NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byFirefighters’ union backs GOP’s Nicole Malliotakis in House race after staying neutral in 2020 Gottheimer, Malliotakis slam congestion pricing at bipartisan press conference NICOLEFirefighters' union backs GOP's Nicole Malliotakis in House race after staying neutral in 2020 | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressFirefighters’ union backs GOP’s Nicole Malliotakis in House race after staying neutral in 2020Aug 16, 2022Menu Menu New York Post NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byRep. Malliotakis rips Democrats over border crisis: ‘Disaster for everybody involved’ Rep. Malliotakis forges allyship with Lee Zeldin, ramps up calls to combat migrant ‘chaos’ in New York NICOLERep. Malliotakis rips Democrats over border crisis: 'Disaster for everybody involved' | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressRep. Malliotakis rips Democrats over border crisis: ‘Disaster for everybody involved’Aug 21, 2022Menu Menu Fox News NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered by‘Sick And Tired Of The Democrats Running Our Country Into the Ground’: Malliotakis Slams Dems Firefighters’ union backs GOP’s Nicole Malliotakis in House race after staying neutral in 2020 NICOLE'Sick And Tired Of The Democrats Running Our Country Into the Ground': Malliotakis Slams Dems | Nicole Malliotakis for Congress‘Sick And Tired Of The Democrats Running Our Country Into the Ground’: Malliotakis Slams DemsAug 24, 2022Menu Menu Forbes NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byMalliotakis fosters, ‘Aquaman,’ dog thrown in Harlem River, helps to him find a forever home Rep. Malliotakis rips Democrats over border crisis: ‘Disaster for everybody involved’ NICOLEMalliotakis fosters, 'Aquaman,' dog thrown in Harlem River, helps to him find a forever home | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis fosters, ‘Aquaman,’ dog thrown in Harlem River, helps to him find a forever homeAug 28, 2022Menu Menu Staten Island Advance NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byRep. Malliotakis rips Kathy Hochul: People of all parties are leaving New York ‘Sick And Tired Of The Democrats Running Our Country Into the Ground’: Malliotakis Slams Dems NICOLERep. Malliotakis rips Kathy Hochul: People of all parties are leaving New York | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressRep. Malliotakis rips Kathy Hochul: People of all parties are leaving New YorkAug 30, 2022Menu Menu Fox Business NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered by‘Have Been A Disaster’: Nicole Malliotakis Hammers Democrats Over Rising Crime Malliotakis fosters, ‘Aquaman,’ dog thrown in Harlem River, helps to him find a forever home NICOLE'Have Been A Disaster': Nicole Malliotakis Hammers Democrats Over Rising Crime | Nicole Malliotakis for Congress‘Have Been A Disaster’: Nicole Malliotakis Hammers Democrats Over Rising CrimeSep 18, 2022Menu Menu Forbes NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byHere’s what Republicans will deliver when we take back the House Rep. Malliotakis rips Kathy Hochul: People of all parties are leaving New York NICOLEHere's what Republicans will deliver when we take back the House | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressHere’s what Republicans will deliver when we take back the HouseSep 23, 2022Menu Menu New York Post NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byNew Yorkers need to protect cops — and themselves — by ousting Hochul & Co. this November ‘Have Been A Disaster’: Nicole Malliotakis Hammers Democrats Over Rising Crime NICOLENew Yorkers need to protect cops — and themselves — by ousting Hochul & Co. this November | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressNew Yorkers need to protect cops — and themselves — by ousting Hochul & Co. this NovemberSep 23, 2022Menu Menu Op-Ed by Nicole Malliotakis NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byWith focus on public safety, Rep. Malliotakis outlines GOP legislative agenda Here’s what Republicans will deliver when we take back the House NICOLEWith focus on public safety, Rep. Malliotakis outlines GOP legislative agenda | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressWith focus on public safety, Rep. Malliotakis outlines GOP legislative agendaSep 26, 2022Menu Menu Staten Island Advance NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byNYC quality of life plummeting is outcome of Democratic policies: Rep. Nicole Malliotakis New Yorkers need to protect cops — and themselves — by ousting Hochul & Co. this November NICOLENYC quality of life plummeting is outcome of Democratic policies: Rep. Nicole Malliotakis | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressNYC quality of life plummeting is outcome of Democratic policies: Rep. Nicole MalliotakisSep 28, 2022Menu Menu Fox Business NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byBiden’s open border policy is ‘irrational and unsustainable’: Rep. Nicole Malliotakis With focus on public safety, Rep. Malliotakis outlines GOP legislative agenda NICOLEBiden's open border policy is 'irrational and unsustainable': Rep. Nicole Malliotakis | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressBiden’s open border policy is ‘irrational and unsustainable’: Rep. Nicole MalliotakisOct 04, 2022Menu Menu Fox Business NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byMalliotakis has 6-point edge over Rose in House race: poll NYC quality of life plummeting is outcome of Democratic policies: Rep. Nicole Malliotakis NICOLEMalliotakis has 6-point edge over Rose in House race: poll | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis has 6-point edge over Rose in House race: pollOct 06, 2022Menu Menu New York Post NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byRace for Congress: Nicole Malliotakis leads Max Rose in New York-11th district poll Biden’s open border policy is ‘irrational and unsustainable’: Rep. Nicole Malliotakis NICOLERace for Congress: Nicole Malliotakis leads Max Rose in New York-11th district poll | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressRace for Congress: Nicole Malliotakis leads Max Rose in New York-11th district pollOct 06, 2022Menu Menu Staten Island Advance NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byThe Post endorses Rep. Nicole Malliotakis for re-election to the House Malliotakis has 6-point edge over Rose in House race: poll NICOLEThe Post endorses Rep. Nicole Malliotakis for re-election to the House | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressThe Post endorses Rep. Nicole Malliotakis for re-election to the HouseOct 08, 2022Menu Menu New York Post NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byNew Yorkers are ‘fed up and tired’ with Democrats: Rep. Nicole Malliotakis Race for Congress: Nicole Malliotakis leads Max Rose in New York-11th district poll NICOLENew Yorkers are 'fed up and tired' with Democrats: Rep. Nicole Malliotakis | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressNew Yorkers are ‘fed up and tired’ with Democrats: Rep. Nicole MalliotakisOct 25, 2022Menu Menu Fox News NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered by‘She’s a leader’: Trump holds ‘tele-rally’ in support of Rep. Nicole Malliotakis The Post endorses Rep. Nicole Malliotakis for re-election to the House NICOLE'She's a leader': Trump holds 'tele-rally' in support of Rep. Nicole Malliotakis | Nicole Malliotakis for Congress‘She’s a leader’: Trump holds ‘tele-rally’ in support of Rep. Nicole MalliotakisNov 05, 2022Menu Menu Staten Island Advance NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byMalliotakis Defends N.Y.C. House Seat, Toppling Familiar Democratic Foe New Yorkers are ‘fed up and tired’ with Democrats: Rep. Nicole Malliotakis NICOLEMalliotakis Defends N.Y.C. House Seat, Toppling Familiar Democratic Foe | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis Defends N.Y.C. House Seat, Toppling Familiar Democratic FoeNov 08, 2022Menu Menu New York Times NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byMalliotakis beats Rose in rematch, Staten Island stays red ‘She’s a leader’: Trump holds ‘tele-rally’ in support of Rep. Nicole Malliotakis NICOLEMalliotakis beats Rose in rematch, Staten Island stays red | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressMalliotakis beats Rose in rematch, Staten Island stays redNov 08, 2022Menu Menu NY1 NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byNicole Malliotakis defeats Max Rose in New York’s 11th Congressional District Malliotakis Defends N.Y.C. House Seat, Toppling Familiar Democratic Foe NICOLENicole Malliotakis defeats Max Rose in New York's 11th Congressional District | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressNicole Malliotakis defeats Max Rose in New York’s 11th Congressional DistrictNov 08, 2022Menu Menu FOX5 NY NEXT ARTICLE PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byRep. Nicole Malliotakis defeats Max Rose again in NY-11 Malliotakis beats Rose in rematch, Staten Island stays red NICOLERep. Nicole Malliotakis defeats Max Rose again in NY-11 | Nicole Malliotakis for CongressRep. Nicole Malliotakis defeats Max Rose again in NY-11Nov 09, 2022Menu Menu PIX11 PREVIOUS ARTICLE STAND WITH  * * I'M IN! powered byNicole Malliotakis defeats Max Rose in New York’s 11th Congressional District NICOLE