As New York braces for heavy snow, remember that overcharging for essential goods during a state of emergency is illegal.
 
New Yorkers should report any price gouging related to this storm to my office:
 
https://t.co/jdWVCnyNO5
.@SpeakerPelosi’s incredible leadership has improved the lives of millions of Americans, and our country is better because of her service.

Thank you, Madame Speaker.
RT @SenSchumer: BIG NEWS: The Senate just voted to move forward on the Respect for Marriage Act.

No one in a same-sex marriage or an inter…
❄️ A major winter storm is expected to bring heavy snow to portions of upstate New York ❄️

Follow guidance from @NWSBUFFALO and your local weather officials, check on your neighbors, and most importantly, stay safe. https://t.co/JpGD1MsL4B
My office has now delivered more than $2.1 billion to New Yorkers and held companies accountable for the destruction they've caused.

We will keep working tirelessly to turn the tide on the opioid epidemic and prevent future devastation.
#BREAKING: I co-led a nationwide group of AGs to secure over $3 billion from @Walmart for failing to regulate opioid prescriptions and fueling the opioid epidemic.

New York will get up to $116 million that will go to local communities to help end this crisis and save lives.
@Google failed to tell its users that its "Web &amp; App Activity" collected location data to turn a profit, and we're making them pay a historic price.

Companies cannot break the law and take advantage of their consumers to line their own pockets.
Along with a nationwide coalition, my office is forcing @Google to pay $391.5 million, including more than $20 million to New York, for misleading millions of consumers about its location data tracking.

Everyone should be able to make their own decisions about their own data.
39 online ammunition sellers have been illegally shipping bullets to New Yorkers' doorsteps, and I'm ordering them to immediately stop.

We're taking action to keep dangerous ammo out of the wrong hands and protect our communities.
Angel Dalfin’s disregard for the health of his tenants and their families is abhorrent.

This week, we won our lawsuit against him to hold him accountable and protect New Yorkers and our children.
https://t.co/UMaFz92b4W
Norlite has continued to pollute communities around its Cohoes facility, and we're taking action to protect New Yorkers.

@NYSDEC and I are asking a court to force Norlite to immediately stop this dangerous pollution. https://t.co/zD2FyvpuPu
Today, we honor the brave veterans who put their lives on the line to protect our country and our freedoms.

You are heroes, and New York is forever thankful for your service. #VeteransDay
@Msdivah @FairElectionsNY @TishJames You can contact our Election Protection Hotline online here:

https://t.co/4m7RaAIkML
@Msdivah @FairElectionsNY @TishJames Please report this to our Election Protection Hotline:

(866) 390-2992

Find your polling location here:

https://t.co/37iXW4bKZM
It’s #ElectionDay, New York!

The polls are now open until 9PM. Get out and make your voice heard.

If you have any issues voting today, contact our Election Protection Hotline:

(866) 390-2992

https://t.co/4m7RaAIkML
Dalfin controlled over 150 homes that were mostly located in low-income communities and communities of color, and he put so many of our children in harm’s way. 
 
We will always fight to protect our children and ensure they have a safe place to call home.
We won our lawsuit against Buffalo landlord Angel Elliot Dalfin, and he must pay $5.1 million for exposing children to toxic lead paint. 
 
These funds will be used to help prevent childhood lead poisoning in Buffalo and Erie County. https://t.co/c0iS8YjAsf
Sending racist and antisemitic messages to local businesses in New York is disgusting.

Anyone with information about these flyers should contact @NYPDnews immediately.
https://t.co/T9RcjANVDl
Today is the last day to vote early in New York!

Don't wait. Vote today or on Election Day this Tuesday, November 8.

Any New Yorker who has any issues voting should contact our Election Protection Hotline:

(866) 390-2992

https://t.co/4m7RaAIkML
Donald Trump and the Trump Organization cannot play by different rules.

Fraud is illegal, no matter how powerful you think you are.
https://t.co/4fQpbRu4Mq
Praying for all the people who were injured and impacted by the fire earlier today in Midtown Manhattan. 

Members of the @FDNY acted heroically to save lives. They proved once again why they are New York's bravest.
New York: tomorrow is the last day to get out and vote early. You can also vote on Election Day on Tuesday, November 8.

Make a plan to vote and contact our Election Protection Hotline if you have any issues at the polls:
 
☎️ (866) 390-2992

https://t.co/4m7RaAIkML
This week, we secured $523 million from Teva for its role in fueling the opioid crisis. We’ve now delivered over $2 billion to New Yorkers from Big Pharma for this destruction.

These funds will help turn the tide on the opioid epidemic and save lives.
https://t.co/pJuDENW82C
RT @phara4assembly: If you live on floor 22 in apts G &amp; H you will be evacuated while bldg is fixed. If you live on floors 31-33, you have…
.@REI is giving its employees paid time off to vote this Election Day, but it's refusing to allow its unionized employees at @RWDSU @reiunionsoho and @reiunionberk to have the same time off.

This is unacceptable. @REI must give these workers the same fair treatment.
Donald Trump and the Trump Organization cannot move assets to evade liability and an independent monitor will be installed to oversee financial compliance at the Trump Organization.

No matter how powerful you are, everyone has to play by the same set of rules.
In a major victory, a judge has ruled in our favor and ordered Donald Trump and the Trump Organization to immediately stop engaging in fraudulent business practices.
 
Time and time again, the courts have ruled that Donald Trump cannot evade the law for personal gain. https://t.co/4wIFT7SlxN
We are taking serious action to crack down on dangerous crime rings and ensure public safety.

My office will continue to work with our partners in law enforcement across New York to protect our communities and get drugs and firearms off of our streets.
We busted a dangerous drug trafficking ring with @DEANEWYORKDiv and @nyspolice that flooded Western New York with huge amounts of cocaine and thousands of fentanyl pills disguised as Oxycodone.

Protecting New Yorkers and keeping our neighborhoods safe is a top priority.
In 2019, I promised to hold these companies accountable for the destruction they caused in New York and across the nation. 
 
Today, we've done just that.
This is a monumental milestone in our fight to turn the tide on the opioid epidemic. 
 
More than $2 billion will go into local communities for treatment and prevention programs. 
 
These funds are going to help save lives and prevent future devastation.
#BREAKING: In a landmark agreement, we secured $523 million from Teva Pharmaceuticals and @TevaUSA for their role in fueling the opioid crisis. 
 
We have now delivered more than $2 billion to New Yorkers from the companies responsible for the opioid crisis.
These families trusted Wu with their life savings, but instead he sold them a lie. 

We're taking action to get their money back and stop Wu from taking advantage of hardworking New Yorkers.
I filed a lawsuit against a Brooklyn landlord for cheating 20 Chinese immigrants and their families.

Steven Wu tricked these families into buying condos and stole over $5 million dollars from them.
A judge has ruled in our favor and rejected challenges to New York’s commonsense absentee ballot laws. These laws make it easier for New Yorkers to make their voices heard.

I will continue to defend access to the polls and ensure New Yorkers can vote.
We found that Thomas Parsons and his company sold shoddy windows to schools and property owners across upstate New York and tried to cover it up.
 
I won't let anyone cheat New Yorkers: Parsons and his company will pay $3 million and are banned from doing business in our state.
Today is the last day of #BreastCancerAwarenessMonth, but this shouldn't be the last day that you get a screening or a check-up.
 
Early detection can be lifesaving. Get screened, self-examine, and talk to your doctor about ways to reduce your risks of breast cancer.
Vandalizing our schools with racist slurs and bigotry is abhorrent, and we cannot let it go unchecked.
 
I urge anyone with information to contact @colonie_police immediately.
https://t.co/pX2LPRPxJs
If you have any issues casting your ballot, contact our Election Protection Hotline:

https://t.co/4m7RaAIkML
Today is the first day of early voting in New York!

Early voting will run through Sunday, November 6, 2022.
 
Make a plan and get out to vote early. It's your right.
 
⬇️🗳️⬇️🗳️⬇️

https://t.co/JnP975WoQj
10 years ago, Hurricane Sandy devastated New York.

10 years later, communities are still building back from the impacts of this historic storm.

The next extreme weather event is not a matter of if, but when. We must do more to fight climate change and protect our communities.
New York: the deadline to apply for the Public Service Loan Forgiveness waiver program is this Monday, October 31, 2022.

Don't wait. Use the link below to learn more and apply for debt forgiveness.

https://t.co/M1A6rvmHC0
Reverend Dr. Calvin Butts was an icon, serving Abyssinian Baptist Church and all of New York City for over 30 years.

My heart is with his family, loved ones, and the entire Abyssinian Baptist Church community. May he rest in peace.
https://t.co/RGjaae5UfV
.@FCC and @CTIA must expand severe weather alerts to include more languages.
 
These alerts exist to warn people about real weather emergencies. They must be sent in more languages to save lives. https://t.co/lNWPK0Ys8K
Congratulations to Laura Kavanagh on her historic appointment as @FDNY Commissioner.
 
The members of @FDNY put their lives on the line every day to protect New Yorkers, and I’m confident that Commissioner Kavanagh will effectively lead New York's bravest and our city forward. https://t.co/qtIGJaccEE
This is a painful reminder about the real dangers of antisemitism and why we must speak out whenever we see it.

Hatred and bigotry towards anyone, in any form, cannot be tolerated.
Four years ago, 11 innocent Jewish people were murdered while they prayed at the Tree of Life Synagogue in Pittsburgh.

They were murdered because they were Jewish.

May their memories forever be a blessing.
New York: Early voting for the general election starts this Saturday, October 29, and runs through Sunday, November 6.

As always, my office will be running our Election Protection Hotline. If you have any issues casting your ballot, contact us:
 
https://t.co/4m7RaAIkML
Cualquier neoyorquino que haya intentado devolver un producto dentro de los 20 días posteriores a la compra de Hy Cite o sus marcas, Royal Prestige y Kitchen Charm, pero se le haya negado, debe comunicarse con mi oficina:

https://t.co/AnrxKLLO3o
Hy Cite Enterprises presionó a los neoyorquinos hispanos para que compraran sus productos, los engañó sobre su política de reembolso y se negó a permitirles devolver los productos.

Les estamos haciendo pagar por sus fechorías: Hy Cite pagará $300,000 y reembolsará a los clientes
Any New Yorker who tried to return a product within 20 days of purchase from Hy Cite or its brands, Royal Prestige and Kitchen Charm, but was denied, should contact my office:

https://t.co/AnrxKLLO3o
Hy Cite Enterprises pressured Hispanic New Yorkers into buying their products, misled them about their refund policy, and refused to let them return products.

We're making them pay for their wrongdoing: Hy Cite will pay $300,000 and refund customers.
By choosing to defend those who committed sexual abuse instead of our most vulnerable, the Buffalo Diocese and its leaders breached parishioners’ trust and caused a crisis of faith.

We will continue to do everything in our power to restore trust and transparency for the future.
For the first time in New York state, the Catholic Church will submit to independent, outside oversight.

This settlement secures all the relief we sought against the Diocese in our November 2020 lawsuit.
My office is announcing a landmark settlement to hold the Catholic Diocese of Buffalo and former senior leaders accountable for mishandling sexual abuse cases and failing their basic duty to guide and protect our children.
https://t.co/F3iELn8kOV
As leaders of New York, we are working tirelessly to combat gun violence and protect the safety of New Yorkers.

Lives are at stake every day, and we will continue to take action every day to combat this crisis.
We have seen a drastic rise in the number of extreme risk protection orders — over 1,900 in the past four months alone.

This new unit will represent Troopers across the state to ensure that guns are taken away from those who present an extreme risk to themselves or others.
New York's red flag laws help to prevent tragedies and keep New Yorkers safe.

Today, I'm proud to join @GovKathyHochul to announce the creation of a new unit in my office to represent @nyspolice in proceedings to enforce red flag laws, promote public safety, and help save lives.
RT @GovKathyHochul: I’m in Albany with @NewYorkStateAG to make a gun safety announcement. Watch live: https://t.co/fkNxgDegbi
प्रकाश का त्योहार मनाने वाले सभी लोगों के लिए शुभ #दिवाली! 

#दिवाली हमें अंधकार पर प्रकाश की जीत की याद दिलाता है और मुझे उम्मीद है कि आप, आपके परिवार के सदस्य और आपके समुदाय के लोग छुट्टी के इस दिन का आनंद लेंगे। साथ ही, आपका नया साल उज्जवल और मंगलमय हो।
Happy #Diwali to everyone celebrating the Festival of Lights!

#Diwali reminds us of the triumph of light over darkness, and I hope you, your family, and your community enjoy this holiday and have a bright and happy new year.
Proud to attend Patchogue's first annual Hispanic Cultural Parade this afternoon! 
 
Long Island and all of New York will always celebrate and honor the incredible contributions and cultures of our Hispanic communities. https://t.co/7LgDxqwGBi
It was great to be in Queens this afternoon with @CMShekarK and @NYCComptroller to celebrate #Diwali and the Festival of Lights with New Yorkers.
 
शुभ दिवाली! https://t.co/TQI7WwbBCO
This investment will make these buildings more efficient, significantly improve living conditions for families, reduce pollution, and serve as a model for future energy efficiency projects. 
 
We will continue to protect the health of New Yorkers and the environment.
Climate change is impacting all of us, and we must act to protect our communities and the environment.

Today, I'm proud to announce a groundbreaking $1.2 million dollar energy efficiency project with @NYSERDA for Steamboat Square, an Albany Housing Authority residential complex.
Support our #LGBTQ+ youth.

Stand against bullying and intolerance in all its forms.

Speak out because there is no place for hate in New York and our nation.

#SpiritDay💜
New Yorkers are all about giving back, and my office has tips and resources to ensure your donations go to the organizations you want to support.

#CharityFraudAwarenessWeek

⬇️⬇️⬇️

https://t.co/6Dj8Pm1tvY https://t.co/wQytalYIB9
My office has recovered $90,000 in stolen wages for over a dozen former employees of Enterprise Cleaner, a commercial dry cleaner in Astoria, Queens.

I won't tolerate hardworking New Yorkers being cheated and mistreated, no matter the industry.
Extremist, dangerous content is rapidly spreading online, and social media platforms must take action to address it.

This hate-fueled terror attack took 10 innocent Black lives in Buffalo, and we cannot wait for another tragedy to take action.
- Federal laws must change to require companies to take steps to prevent violent criminal content from being shared on their platforms.

- Companies need to identify and stop violence from being livestreamed before it can be shared.

Read our full report: 
https://t.co/KKKa1PsWJn
We're calling for action with @GovKathyHochul to combat this extremism and violence:

- New York and other states must pass laws that criminalize graphic images or videos created by a person carrying out an attack and penalize resharing or reposting that same content.
We found that:

-Fringe online platforms, like 4chan, radicalized the shooter.

- Livestreaming platforms, like Twitch, were weaponized to promote this violent act of terror and encourage copycat attacks.

- Online platforms allow hateful, extremist views to rapidly spread.
In May, my office launched an investigation into the online platforms used by the shooter at Tops Market in Buffalo to plan, promote, and stream his terror attack. 
 
Today, we're releasing our report and calling for reforms to combat online extremism and violence.
Today, I was proud to join our communities in Northern Manhattan and The Bronx to Walk the Bridge for Peace and stand against violence and hate in all its forms.

I will always work tirelessly to protect the safety of all New Yorkers. https://t.co/4lCW0139Am
It doesn't matter who you are. 

Everyone has to play by the same set of rules.
https://t.co/hoHFfexrLC
These criminals stole from New Yorkers, and today we’re holding them accountable.

Combating crime, making our streets safer, and ensuring public safety will always be top priorities.
After an investigation with @NYPDnews, we busted a theft ring for using stolen credit cards and IDs to steal luxury SUVs and thousands of dollars’ worth of goods and services from New York City hotels. 
 
We're slamming the brakes on this illegal scheme.
RT @RepEspaillat: Join us this Saturday at 3PM at Quisqueya Plaza for a Hispanic Heritage Month celebration you don’t want to miss! 

We'll…
New York: the deadline to register to vote in the upcoming general election is tomorrow, October 14.

Get registered to vote and make your voice heard. It's your right.
https://t.co/Nj3cqDbKUf
We will not allow Donald Trump and the Trump Organization to continue this fraud or evade accountability. 
 
No one is above the law.
Trump doesn’t get to play by different rules. We’re asking a court to:

- Prevent the Trump Organization from moving assets to evade liability.

- Appoint an independent monitor to oversee any new financial disclosures made to banks and insurers to ensure they are not fraudulent.
Since we filed our lawsuit, Donald Trump and the Trump Organization have continued to engage in fraudulent business practices.  
  
Today, we are acting to immediately stop this ongoing fraud.
RT @NYCMayor: Times Square is a Gun Free Zone and the Concealed Carry Improvement Act remains in effect.

We will continue to work shoulder…
A judge has ruled that New York's concealed carry gun laws will stay in full effect as the appeals process moves forward.

We will continue our efforts to protect the safety of New Yorkers. https://t.co/1MgLEEkwmA
Mr. Fournier and his company, Greenbrook, made their tenants live through dangerous and illegal construction, go without water, heat, and gas, and suffer unsanitary conditions.

Fournier and Greenbrook will fix hundreds of violations and install a monitor to ensure they comply.
We partnered with @NYSHCR, @NYCHousing, @NYC_Buildings, and @nycgov to stop Brooklyn landlord Greg Fournier and his company from forcing hundreds of New Yorkers to live in unsafe conditions.

Our Tenant Protection Taskforce also recovered over $100K in penalties and rent credits.
.@NYSDEC and my office are suing Norlite for polluting communities around its facility in Cohoes.

This pollution endangers the health of New Yorkers and our environment, and we're committed to stopping it.
No matter where you may be on your own path, you are loved, you belong, and I'll always fight for your right to be who you are.

#NationalComingOutDay
The importance of taking care of ourselves and our mental health cannot be overstated. 
  
Always remember that it’s okay not to be okay, and New York has resources available to anyone in need:

#WorldMentalHealthDay 
  
https://t.co/smbUaJBzrL
My office is taking action to keep New York’s concealed carry gun laws in full effect as the appeal process continues.

We will keep fighting for the safety of every New Yorker. https://t.co/9LXVprKowq
Happy #Sukkot to all the Jewish communities celebrating this holiday beginning tonight. 

Chag Sameach!
This week, I was proud to recover stolen wages for 24 hardworking New Yorkers with @NYCComptroller and @32BJSEIU.

Every New Yorker deserves to be paid for their work.
https://t.co/RzVvXgEqBv
A judge ruled in our favor that USPS Postmaster General DeJoy cannot carry out efforts to undermine the @USPS.

We will always protect the right to vote. https://t.co/Eslc8SrSa0
Hoyt Transportation will pay tens of thousands of dollars that will be used to fight pollution and improve air quality in overburdened communities, train its drivers, and bring in a monitor.

My office will keep fighting to combat air pollution and environmental injustice.
We stopped a school bus company in the Bronx from allegedly violating bus idling laws and polluting in communities of color.
 
We cannot allow companies to risk the health of our most vulnerable communities with dangerous smog, soot, and greenhouse gases.
I'm proud to see @BarnardCollege act to protect access to safe abortion services for its students.

It's our body. It should always be our choice.
https://t.co/NtauhITyjz
For too long, our communities, and especially communities of color, have been unjustly harmed by outdated laws on marijuana.

@POTUS' decision to pardon thousands for simple marijuana possession is a big first step to right this wrong.
https://t.co/p3hYLcxOZh
Our communities are plagued by gun violence, and we must be able to enact common-sense laws to protect New Yorkers.

My office will appeal today’s ruling on our state's concealed carry gun laws and continue to fight for the safety of every New Yorker.
Getting paid what you deserve shouldn’t be a luxury.  
 
It's the law. 
 
We’ll continue to fight to protect workers and hold bad actors accountable.
Heatherwood got significant tax breaks through the 421-a program, but failed to pay its workers the required prevailing wage.  
 
Heatherwood will pay these workers back all the money they are owed and $1.6 million to New York City and the state.
Every New Yorker deserves fair pay for their hard work.

Today, we recovered $3 million with @NYCComptroller and @32BJSEIU from luxury real estate developer Heatherwood Communities for denying wages and benefits from 24 workers. https://t.co/zboNfpdz1F
This is disgusting.

Antisemitism cannot and will not win in New York. Anyone with any information about this act of hate on the Jewish community’s holiest day of the year should contact law enforcement immediately. https://t.co/BPzU22Gmjq
We're forcing Dr. Barry L. Jacobson and his dental company HQRC to pay over $750K for allegedly performing unnecessary and invasive dental procedures on children to defraud Medicaid.

My office won't tolerate anyone taking advantage of our kids to line their own pockets.
History!
 
New York couldn't be more proud, Aaron Judge.
 
Congratulations. #RepBX https://t.co/IIL0lTFhV9
I hope everyone observing the holy day of Yom Kippur has a meaningful and easy fast during this time of reflection and atonement.

G'mar chatima tova.
In May, I shut down a Buffalo-based group of debt collectors and forced them to pay $2 million for scamming and threatening consumers. 
 
I'm proud to deliver these funds to Erie County to bolster consumer protection programs and protect New Yorkers from fraud.
As New Yorkers continue to support our fellow Americans in Puerto Rico and those here at home recovering from Hurricane Ian, beware of sham charities and use these tips to make sure you’re giving to reputable organizations: https://t.co/BqhDetKtd3
El acceso a Internet es una herramienta fundamental que todos los neoyorquinos necesitan, pero con demasiada veces, nuestra comunidades se quedan atrás.

Me uno con @HispanicFed, @VisionUrbanaInc y @GetSpectrum para la inauguración de Spectrum Learning Hub hoy en East Village.
Access to the internet is a fundamental tool that all New Yorkers need, but too often, low-income and communities of color are left behind.

I was proud to join @HispanicFed, @VisionUrbanaInc &amp; @GetSpectrum for the opening of the Spectrum Learning Hub today in the East Village. https://t.co/flHLJ7UH1T
The Queens Civic Congress has spent more than two decades uplifting communities across Queens. 

Today, I was honored to join them and thank all the organizations that make Queens so great. https://t.co/PQnw3PQ5eP
Five years ago, the mass shooting in Las Vegas claimed dozens of innocent lives.

Today, I’m thinking of their families, loved ones, and everyone who has felt the pains of senseless gun violence. These tragedies are preventable, and we will keep fighting to bring them to an end.
New York: the deadline to register to vote in the upcoming general elections is Friday, October 14.

Get registered to vote. It’s your right.
https://t.co/Nj3cqCUa2H
Once again, a judge dismissed attempts by the @NRA and its senior management to evade the law and avoid the consequences of their actions.

Everyone must play by the same rules.
https://t.co/XN5rGYsW3m
Today, New York lost a hero in the line of duty.

A 9/11 first responder with over 20 years of service, EMS Lieutenant Alison Russo dedicated her career to selflessly caring for New Yorkers.

May she rest in peace.
My heart is with the @FDNY EMS member who was attacked today and the entire EMS family.

I’m praying for their recovery.
In New York City, fast-food workers are protected from being fired or having their hours cut for no reason.
 
I’m leading a coalition of states to stop efforts to overturn these basic protections for hardworking New Yorkers and their families.
Moun ki abite Nouyòk k ap travay di yo bezwen bisiklèt ak twotinèt elektrik, men li enpòtan pou itilizasyon yo san danje. Pifò bisiklèt ak twotinèt elektrik yo mache ak batri ki pisan ki ka lakòz dife si yo pa byen jere yo.

Aplike konsèy sa yo pou w pwoteje tèt ou: https://t.co/4Q6DpHQuL8
পরিশ্রমী নিউ ইয়র্কবাসীদের কাজের জন্য ই-বাইক এবং ই-স্কুটারের প্রয়োজন, তবে সেগুলি নিরাপদে ব্যবহার করা গুরুত্বপূর্ণ। অধিকাংশ ই-বাইক এবং ই-স্কুটার শক্তিশালী ব্যাটারির ব্যবহার করে যা সঠিকভাবে পরিচালনা না করলে আগুন লাগতে পারে।
 
এই পরামর্শগুলির সাহায্যে নিজেকে সুরক্ষিত রাখুন: https://t.co/qQjVnOUZMW
勤劳的纽约人需要使用电动自行车和电动踏板车奔赴工作，但学会安全地使用这些交通工具至关重要。大多数电动自行车和电动踏板车都使用大功率电池，使用不当可能引起火灾。
 
阅读以下小贴士，了解如何保护自己的安全： https://t.co/sbs9oAb2Aj
Muchos neoyorquinos necesitan bicis y patinetes eléctricos para el trabajo, pero es importante usarlos de manera segura. La mayoría de las  bicis y patinetes eléctricos usan baterías potentes que pueden provocar incendios si no se usan correctamente. 
 
Siga estos consejos: https://t.co/b4ttzJMOwk
Hardworking New Yorkers need e-bikes and e-scooters for work, but it's important to use them safely. Most e-bikes and e-scooters use powerful batteries that can cause fires if they aren't handled correctly.
 
Use these tips to protect yourself: https://t.co/CZHDkp0QVW
61 years and history is made!

Congratulations Aaron Judge.
New York is proud. #RepBX https://t.co/QoDN3116x6
Today, I joined @westchestergov and my colleagues in government and law enforcement to discuss ways to ensure public safety and protect our communities.
 
From curbing gun violence to combating hate crimes and the opioid epidemic, keeping New Yorkers safe is a top priority. https://t.co/aLhTS26ChQ
Safe abortion services are legal in New York for all who seek it.
 
Use our free legal hotline for guidance on accessing safe abortion care here in New York.
 
☎️ 212-899-5567
https://t.co/vPb3aPIett
I'm suing crypto platform @Nexo for illegally failing to register with my office and lying about it to investors.

Instead of misleading New Yorkers about its compliance with the law, crypto platforms must register to operate just like other investment platforms.
Domestic violence is an issue that affects people of all cultures and backgrounds, and it often goes unseen.

New York has 24/7 confidential, secure resources and support: 
 
Call: 800-942-6906 
 
Text: 844-997-2121
Today, I stood with @Brides_March to remember Gladys Ricart, NYPD Officer Arianna Reyes-Gomez, Jessica Lopez, and countless others impacted by domestic violence.

We must continue to say their names.

We must continue to tell their stories.

We must continue to honor their lives. https://t.co/cF1w400wP6
I'm wishing everyone in the Jewish community celebrating #RoshHashanah a happy, healthy, and sweet new year.
 
#ShanahTovah!
Yesterday, my office joined @QueensDAKatz's gun buyback event and 62 firearms were recovered.
 
I’m proud to work with police and my colleagues in government to help protect New Yorkers and get guns off of our streets.
There cannot be two systems of justice in this nation.

No one is above the law. https://t.co/OenyK8tYHK
Consumers should be able to watch this game without having to take on these burdens.
 
I urge @Apple and @MLB to let this game be shown on YES, where New Yorkers are used to seeing their Yankees play.

My updated statement:
https://t.co/eeszfelQwh
Earlier, I expressed concerns about how New Yorkers could watch tonight’s potentially historic Yankees game.
 
While there is a way to watch the game without paying more, it creates requirements including an Apple ID, a smart TV or streaming device, or Wi-Fi or cellular service.
Millions of New Yorkers paid their cable bills expecting to see live sports programming. Denying them the chance to watch Aaron Judge step up to the plate to make history tonight is wrong and unfair.
 
I'm calling on @MLB and @Apple to open up tonight's game to the @YESNetwork.
Donald Trump's purported net worth is rooted in incredible fraud and illegality.
 
Actions have consequences. I'm going to ensure that no one is able to evade the law because no one is above it.
https://t.co/1qAen1rM9c
Claiming you have money that you do not have does not amount to the art of the deal.

It’s the art of the steal. https://t.co/oMx5di9Mf8
As Attorney General of New York, I made a promise to ensure the rule of law applies equally to everyone, even a former President of the United States. 
 
No one is above the law.
- Force Trump to pay $250 million in profits made from this fraud.

- Install a monitor to oversee the Trump Org's financial dealings for at least 10 years.

- Bar Trump and the Trump Org from applying for loans from any financial institution chartered in NY for at least 5 years.
- Ban Donald Trump, Donald Jr., Ivanka, and Eric from serving as an officer or director in any New York business.

- Ban Trump and the Trump Org from acquiring real estate in NY for at least 5 years.
Actions have consequences. Along with referring the criminal violations we uncovered to the U.S. Department of Justice, my office is seeking to:
➡️Using fraudulent values to inflate net worth and gain benefits.

Trump’s annual financial statements included fraudulent values and were used for his own financial gain. 

For example, he saved about $150 million by receiving favorable interest rates based on the statements.
➡️Claiming he had cash available to him that he did not.  
 
For several years, Trump reported money in a partnership as liquid cash. In truth, he was a minority owner with no control of the money.
➡️Using schemes to increase the values of his golf clubs.

One such scheme was to add an inflated 15-30% Trump “brand premium,” but then claim that a brand premium was not included on his financial statements.
➡️Ignoring legal restrictions on properties.

At Trump Park Ave, he valued 12 rent-stabilized units at market rate, inflating the value by 65 times.

At Mar-a-Lago, he ignored development restrictions to claim the property was worth $739 million.

Its value is about $75 million.
➡️Using objectively false numbers to calculate property values.

For example, Trump's apartment in Trump Tower is 10,996 square feet.

Yet, he said it was 30,000 square feet to value it at $327 million. A New York City apartment had never sold for that much.
Our suit against Donald Trump and the Trump Org alleges a years-long financial fraud scheme. 

Here’s how Trump generated false and misleading values on his annual financial statements, which were then used to pay lower taxes, guarantee loans, and get better insurance rates:
Trump's crimes are not victimless.

When the well-connected and powerful break the law to get more money than they are entitled to, it reduces resources available to working people, small businesses, and taxpayers.
We found that Trump, his family, and the Trump Org used fraudulent and misleading asset valuations over 200 times in 10 years on his annual financial statements.

These statements were then used to obtain hundreds of millions of dollars in loans and insurance coverage.
With the help of Donald Jr., Eric, Ivanka, and other defendants, Trump variously unlawfully inflated and deflated his net worth by billions to obtain and satisfy loans, get insurance benefits, and pay lower taxes.

In short, he lied to gain massive financial benefits for himself.
Actions have consequences. We're seeking to:

➡️Make Trump pay $250 million.

➡️Ban the Trumps from running NY businesses for good.

➡️Ban Trump and Trump Org from buying commercial real estate in NY for 5 yrs.

➡️We're making a criminal referral to the U.S. Dept of Justice.
Today, I filed a lawsuit against Donald Trump for engaging in years of financial fraud to enrich himself, his family, and the Trump Organization. 

There aren't two sets of laws for people in this nation: former presidents must be held to the same standards as everyday Americans.
These failures are claiming lives in Puerto Rico and they need and deserve long-term fixes. 

My heart is with them and the people of the Dominican Republic, and I will do everything in my power to protect them.
I'm calling on federal authorities to investigate @lumaenergypr after the latest power grid failure in Puerto Rico.

Hurricane Fiona has devastated Puerto Rico, and we need real solutions to stop this from happening again.
The right to vote is the core of our nation's democracy.

New York: make sure you're registered to vote by October 14, 2022 to make your voice heard this November.

#NationalVoterRegistrationDay

https://t.co/Nj3cqCUa2H
The climate crisis isn't going anywhere unless we continue to step up and act.

Whether it's fighting dangerous forever chemicals, cleaning up our waterways, or stopping reckless school bus pollution: I'm committed to protecting New Yorkers and our entire planet. #ClimateWeek
Una vez más, el pueblo de Puerto Rico está en el ojo de un huracán potencialmente devastador.

Estoy orando por su seguridad. Nueva York apoyará a Puerto Rico como lo hemos hecho en el pasado.
Once again, the people of Puerto Rico are in the eye of potentially devastating hurricane.

I am praying for their safety. New York will support Puerto Rico as we have done in the past.
After two years, the African American Day Parade is back!

Today, I was honored to be in Harlem to celebrate African American culture and pride. https://t.co/3V1bDfaMz7
Para celebrar el primer fin de semana del #MesDeLaHerenciaHispana, tuve el orgullo de visitar el Festival anual del Día de la Independencia de Centroamérica de Long Island en Hempstead.

Estas comunidades enriquecen Long Island y todo nuestro estado.
To celebrate the first weekend of #HispanicHeritageMonth, I was proud to attend Long Island's annual Central American Independence Day Festival in Hempstead.
 
These communities enrich Long Island and our entire state. https://t.co/kgcboKjjbr
Today, we collected 172 firearms, hundreds of firearm parts, and 50 pounds of ammo at our community gun buyback event in Camillus.

My office is committed to working with police to combat gun violence, protect New York families, and ensure public safety. https://t.co/c1vdHWzwyt
It was great to stop by Huntington's Unity to the Community Day on Long Island!

Today's about celebrating our community and uplifting and supporting our future generations. https://t.co/8b47o9MDjj
New York: If you're over 12 years old and got your last #COVID19 vaccine at least two months ago, you can get the new #COVID19 booster.
 
Find a location near you and get your vaccine.
 
https://t.co/eN8UDanbxr
Feliz #MesDeLaHerenciaHispana, Nueva York! 

Las innumerables contribuciones de la cultura y comunidad hispana hacen que Nueva York y nuestra nación sea mejor, y por esa razón celebramos este mes y todos los meses.
Happy #HispanicHeritageMonth, New York!

The countless contributions of Hispanic communities and culture make New York and our nation better, and that's worth celebrating this month and every month.
Everyone must play by the same rules, no matter how powerful you are or your political party.

My office will continue to root out corruption in all its forms.
https://t.co/IqvDVaOzzi
My office has now secured an additional $24,000, for a total of $114,000, for former nurses at Albany Med who were taken advantage of.

I will always protect @nynurses and all of our workers across New York. https://t.co/28v9UoCuFu
No man should decide what a woman does with her body.
https://t.co/pcB592jB2S
Credit card companies routinely flag suspicious activity to prevent fraud, and they must do their part to protect our communities.
 
This is a common-sense action that can save lives.
Requiring major credit card companies and banks to categorize gun and ammo sales is a major step to help us address gun violence.

But more can and must be done — these companies must commit to flagging suspicious gun sales that can help us stop mass shootings before they occur. https://t.co/nw7QcWshNK
Officer Anthony Varvaro was tragically taken from us this morning, and I’m thinking of his family and the entire Port Authority family.

New York will never forget his service to our state.

https://t.co/XEb61qfdMQ
21 years ago, New York and our country endured the terror attacks of September 11.

Today, tomorrow, and every day after that, we will never forget the lives that were lost on that dark day and every first responder who risked their lives to save others. #NeverForget
There cannot be one set of rules for everyday people and another for the wealthy and powerful.

No matter who you are, no one is above the law.
https://t.co/xYMQISNDpJ
Check on your family and loved ones today, anyone could be struggling at any moment. If you need support, call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline.

9-8-8

#WorldSuicidePreventionDay
New York will always stand with labor.

Proud to march in this year's New York Labor Day Parade to celebrate and honor every single worker across our city and state. https://t.co/UA1a03c2Z7
These credit card companies must now take the next step and flag suspicious transactions on gun and ammunition sales like they do for fraud and money laundering.

By working together and using the tools at our disposal, we will help protect our communities and save lives.
In a big victory today, these credit card companies are now required to categorize the sale of guns and ammunition.

This decision will help us better address gun violence and avoid future tragedies. https://t.co/IgABIEJuXT
My heart is with New York’s Jewish community after the tragic loss of Reb Yanky “Jack” Meyer.

He spent his life serving others, and his legacy will live on.

May his memory be a blessing.
https://t.co/h9ImCbyiDX
In New York, we have zero tolerance for corruption or abuses of power.

There cannot be one set of rules for everyday people and another for the powerful — we all must play by the same rules and obey the law.
Steve Bannon and “We Build the Wall” took advantage of Americans to line their own pockets and then laundered the money to further hide this scheme.

They lied to Americans and stole their hard-earned money.
After an investigation by my office and @ManhattanDA, Steve Bannon has been indicted for stealing more than $15 million from thousands of Americans for his sham effort to build a wall between the U.S. and Mexico.

No matter how powerful you are, no one is above the law. https://t.co/7uNGTQFAev
This is a common-sense solution that these credit card companies can take to help keep New Yorkers and all Americans safer.
https://t.co/cBv8ckY3AI
The West Indian American Day Carnival Parade is back!
 
I had a blast marching alongside our communities to celebrate Caribbean culture in Brooklyn and across our entire state. https://t.co/GsjjR9nzHi
Labor is the backbone of New York and this country.

On #LaborDay, we thank the workers who put our communities before themselves day in and day out.

We will always fight for your rights.
This is unacceptable.

Every single New Yorker should have access to clean, safe water. Period.
https://t.co/0kx3EicE9w
I will always fight to protect New Yorkers’ reproductive rights.

https://t.co/orFZF3YuQt
Orelia Merchant has spent her career upholding the rule of law, including the past three years in my office.

If confirmed, I know she will continue this crucial work for the Eastern District of New York.

Congratulations, Orelia.
https://t.co/o8fEi5mIxa
From groceries to gas and clothing, credit card companies categorize purchases on nearly everything, but no category exists for the multi-billion-dollar gun and ammo industry.

This week, I joined New York leaders to urge these companies to act, and today I'm taking action again.
I'm teaming up with @AGRobBonta to call on @Visa, @Mastercard, and @AmericanExpress to categorize the sale of guns and ammunition and flag suspicious activity.

These companies need to do their part to help end illegal gun trafficking and tackle gun violence.
RT @nycHealthy: UPDATE: We will begin offering second-dose appointments for the monkeypox vaccine on Friday, September 2 at 4 p.m. More fir…
A year ago, the remnants of Hurricane Ida struck New York.

Today, I'm thinking of the New Yorkers we lost, their loved ones, and every community that was impacted by this storm.

We have work to do to fight climate change. Future generations are counting on us.
Responsible gun control measures save lives.

As gun violence continues to impact communities across the country, any attempts by the gun lobby to tear down New York’s sensible gun control laws will be met with fierce defense of the law.
In a major victory, my office has defended New York's Concealed Carry Improvement Act against baseless attacks by the gun lobby.

This law will take effect tomorrow. We will continue to defend the constitutionality of our laws to protect New Yorkers from gun violence.
I was honored to be in Queens this morning to honor the memory of Senator Jose Peralta with the renaming of @ps89q to The Jose Peralta School of Dreamers. https://t.co/xUHB3scQtr
.@Visa, @Mastercard, and @AmericanExpress track and flag suspicious activity to protect consumers from fraud, yet they won’t when it comes to concerning gun and ammo sales.

I stood with New York leaders today to urge these companies to act and help save lives from gun violence. https://t.co/CNZh9K4EFD
Instead of helping people find apartments, @roomster scammed customers out of $27 million by posting fake listings and buying fake reviews. 
 
@FTC and I are leading a lawsuit to stop this fraud.
Pharmacies have a responsibility to protect New Yorkers' health and follow the law.

Access to reproductive health care and products will remain available to anyone in New York who needs them.
.@Walgreens and @cvspharmacy have refused to give customers in other states birth control, emergency contraceptives, and other products related to reproductive health.

I'm reminding these companies that they can't deny New Yorkers access to essential health care products.
Today is Law Enforcement Day at the @NYSFair, and I joined @nyspolice and other police agencies throughout the state to honor the brave officers we’ve lost.

New York will never forget their service to our communities. https://t.co/ScZZnMifeW
Cheers to New York’s famous 25 cent milk. This year, I went for chocolate! https://t.co/wjSQQ7ittK
One of the highlights of the @NYSFair is the impressive 800 pound butter sculpture, don’t miss this work of art!

This year's theme is "Refuel Her Greatness" to celebrate the 50th Anniversary of Title IX. https://t.co/YKgieL1B8s
Always room for dessert!

Ran into @gillibrandny, @RachelMayNY, and @SenJohnMannion for some famous maple ice cream. 🍦🍁 https://t.co/HlpDXhZAaI
The @SyracuseNAACP works every day to advance communities of color in Central New York.

It was great to visit their booth and thank them for everything they do. https://t.co/vrHfOEQgSQ
It's great to be back in Syracuse today for the @NYSFair!

I'm proud to spend the day celebrating everything the fair and our state have to offer. https://t.co/qNERd3DEy8
On August 28, 1963, hundreds of thousands came to our nation's capital for the March on Washington to peacefully demand racial justice, including voting rights.

Today, the fundamental right to vote is under attack, and we all have a duty to fight back and protect our democracy.
I will always fight for public safety and work with @UticaPolice and other police to protect our communities from gun violence.
Today, we recovered 296 firearms at our gun buyback event in Utica, including 177 ghost guns.

My office is proud to get these weapons off our streets and out of our communities as we continue to tackle gun violence in New York. https://t.co/e0UrM0KxpP
Council Member Archie Spigner dedicated his career to Queens. His life work was about creating a borough that worked for everyone, and he delivered.

I was honored to attend the renaming of St. Albans Park to Archie Spigner Park today to honor Spigner's legacy to Queens.
TODAY: Join us for a community gun buyback event with @UticaPolice from 10AM-1PM at the Utica Recreation Center.

No ID is needed, and no questions will be asked.
 
⬇️⬇️⬇️ https://t.co/KUf3v3x6sd
For years, my office has been urging the federal government to limit PFAS "forever chemicals" and the danger they pose to our communities. 
 
I'm proud to see the Biden administration take this step to help protect all Americans from these chemicals.
https://t.co/XkknHeHrmA
It’s hard to overstate Biggie’s impact on Brooklyn and I’m disappointed to see his mural got vandalized last night.

If you have any information about this shameful act, contact @NYPDnews.
https://t.co/ZsCaCUSUYr
102 years ago, the 19th Amendment was certified into our Constitution, giving some women the right to vote.
 
Now more than ever, we all have to keep fighting back against attacks on women's rights and keep working to achieve true equality in our nation.

#WomensEqualityDay
In June, I called on @Google to fix its @googlemaps search results to stop directing people to anti-abortion clinics known as crisis pregnancy centers, and today Google is doing just that.

I applaud @Google for taking steps to help protect access to reproductive care. https://t.co/wD4eCKh0Gs
For years, Battaglia Demolition illegally operated a construction waste facility in Buffalo that endangered families in the Seneca-Babcock neighborhood.

@NYSDEC and I shut down the facility and are forcing them to clean up the site and pay $1 million to the community they hurt.
Just last week, I led a coalition of AGs to fight in this case to ensure pregnant people have access to the emergency care they need.

We will keep fighting for access to safe reproductive care that saves lives.
https://t.co/qa2YaCWW1Q
James Lee must pay a record $2 million for letting his company's oil and gas wells go unregulated for years, jeopardizing water sources and families in Steuben and Cattaraugus counties.

My office and @GovKathyHochul won't let anyone endanger New Yorkers and our environment.
Vandalizing sacred symbols is an attack on our Hindu community and all of New York City.

Anyone with information about those responsible should contact @NYPDTips immediately.
https://t.co/2cgqKINoQ8
This is a big deal.

@POTUS is delivering on his promise to bring relief to tens of millions across our country. This will change the lives of countless people. https://t.co/q48NauT0WZ
New York: the polls are now closed. If you are in line to vote, stay in line. You have the right to vote.

Report any issues casting your ballot to our election protection hotline:

(866) 390-2992 
   
https://t.co/4m7RaAHMXd
This morning, I proudly voted in Brooklyn.

New Yorkers: get out and make your voice heard in this primary election.

It's your right. https://t.co/JH7ytKIiPm
For decades, the Indian Child Welfare Act has protected Native American children from being displaced from their families and communities.

Now, this law is under attack, and with a group of AGs, I’m urging the Supreme Court to uphold it.

Future generations depend on this fight.
Today is the last day to vote early for the August primary for Congress and New York State Senate.

Be sure to make your voice heard today or on Primary Day this Tuesday, August 23.
https://t.co/gjZTarqVi6
Join us for a community gun buyback event with @UticaPolice next Saturday, August 27, from 10AM-1PM at the Utica Recreation Center.

No questions will be asked, and no ID is needed. https://t.co/YR7FBjlbSc
New York: Tomorrow is the last day to get out and vote early for the August primary for Congress and NYS Senate.

Make a plan and get out and vote early. It's your right.
https://t.co/gjZTarqVi6
Facilities that handle toxic chemicals must have sufficient protections for their workers.

My office sued the former federal administration for gutting these critical safety measures and putting Americans in harm's way.

Thanks to @POTUS, those protections are coming back. https://t.co/1dhv4zmUn1
Bevelyn Beatty and Edmee Chavannes have physically and verbally attacked patients and providers at reproductive health clinics multiple times.

We've taken legal action against them before, and I won't hesitate to use the full force of my office again.
https://t.co/WuNrR6VumH
We're reviewing an incident that occurred today at a Planned Parenthood in Brooklyn where two anti-abortion extremists disrupted services and harassed employees.

Everyone should be able to make decisions about their bodies without fear of intimidation or violence.
There is zero tolerance for individuals who defraud our state and cheat our communities.

Let this guilty plea send a loud and clear message:

We will crack down on anyone who steals from the public for personal gain because no one is above the law.
After an investigation by my office and @ManhattanDA, Trump Organization CFO Allen Weisselberg pleaded guilty to his role in a years-long tax scheme. 
 
Mr. Weisselberg broke the law to line his own pockets and fund a lavish lifestyle, but today, that misconduct ends.
Free and fair access to voting is fundamental to our democracy, yet Florida has passed a dangerous law to suppress the vote of minority communities.

I'm leading a coalition of AGs to support @LWVFlorida's fight to block this law and protect the fundamental right to vote.
Thousands of New Yorkers who attended ITT for-profit colleges will finally have their federal student debt erased.

After calling for this relief last year, I applaud @POTUS and @usedgov for taking action and canceling $3.9 billion in debt for students who were defrauded by ITT. https://t.co/wI6OhFiTPA
Abortions save lives. 

My office is leading a coalition of 21 AGs to stop Idaho and Texas’ dangerous abortion bans because we must ensure pregnant people have access to the emergency care they need.

It’s our health. It should always be our choice.
My office and @NYSDEC are suing LSM Auto Parts, an auto salvage yard that ignored regulations for toxic waste cleanup and leaked dangerous chemicals and oil in Jamaica, Queens.

LSM put the health of our communities at risk, and it’s time they clean up the mess they made. https://t.co/z3dWb4TCE4
Praying for the Brooklyn family and all the others injured in the horrible terrorist attack in Jerusalem tonight. 

https://t.co/CyWtfA48sS
New York: Today is the first day of early voting for the August primary. 

Make your voice and your values heard. 

https://t.co/gjZTarqVi6
Early voting for the August primary elections in New York starts this Saturday, 8/13, and runs through Sunday, 8/21.

As always, our election protection hotline will be operating for anyone who has issues trying to vote.

Make a plan and vote early.
https://t.co/gjZTarqVi6
Thanks to my colleague @AGKarlRacine for standing up and taking on ghost gun manufacturers.

We all have to work together to fight the gun violence epidemic and get dangerous, untraceable ghost guns off our streets. https://t.co/TXECKFmmCH
New Yorkers shouldn't have to pay for Andrew Cuomo’s legal bills.

Sexual harassment isn't one of your official responsibilities as governor. https://t.co/5ug4Zw0FKV
Bigoted, hate-fueled attacks cannot go unchecked in New York.

Anyone with information about this assault should contact @NYPDTips immediately:

(800) 577-TIPS
https://t.co/mfQAXwzz5v
Hempstead resident Cynthia Rozzell has pleaded guilty to hiding her mother's death for six years to steal over $240K in pension benefits from New York's Teacher Retirement System.

We will prosecute anyone that tries to undermine our state and steal from hardworking New Yorkers.
My office has received complaints from New Yorkers who were unlawfully charged for #COVID19 vaccines.

If you have been charged for a #COVID19 vaccine or any fees related to the vaccine, file a complaint:

https://t.co/vRpUCNEPDp
We are not out of this pandemic. If you haven't already, get vaccinated and boosted against #COVID19.

Reminder: #COVID19 vaccines are free and available to all New Yorkers ages 6 months and older, regardless of health insurance.
In our nation, no one should live in fear of losing their life because of their religion, the color of their skin, who they love, or any other reason.

New York stands with the entire Muslim community, and my heart is with the families of these four men.
https://t.co/OgZKyq10in
Reverend Dr. Johnnie McCann was more than a pastor at St. Luke's Baptist Church, he was a pillar in his community.

Reverend McCann devoted his life to serving, uplifting, and guiding those around him, and I was proud to honor him in Harlem today at his street co-naming. https://t.co/sj8w59X76R
RT @NWSNewYorkNY: The heat advisory remains in effect until 8PM EDT Tuesday. Heat index values reach into the lower 100s. #NYwx #NYCwx #NJw…
I will never allow predatory landlords to take advantage of New Yorkers.
https://t.co/ozW4337zBw
Spent the day in Rochester to celebrate the annual Puerto Rican Festival Parade and Pan Afrikan Festival.

The diverse cultures and traditions of our communities is what makes New York so great. https://t.co/wSjhwk7Yrm
57 years ago, the Voting Rights Act became the law of the land.

Today, that fundamental right is still under attack.

We all have a duty to fight back and protect our right to vote.
RT @NydiaVelazquez: Ink Property group’s illegal activities have caused tremendous pain for their tenants, many of whom are people of color…
Ink will pay up to $1.75 million for affordable housing programs for blatantly breaking rent stabilization laws.

Ink will also pay $400,000 to tenants they harassed, a monitor will oversee their buildings, and dozens of units will become rent-stabilized again.
Ink also created dangerous and unsanitary conditions to try to force tenants out.

Ink lied to banks about the rental prices and occupancy of buildings so they could get more favorable loans to continue buying new buildings and hurting low-income New Yorkers.
For years, Ink bought dozens of rent-stabilized buildings and illegally tried to buy out tenants, repeatedly harassing those who refused to leave their homes.

Ink engaged in this campaign to illegally deregulate units and charge the highest rent the market would allow.
We're in Brooklyn to announce that we're holding Ink, a New York City landlord, accountable for preying on rent-stabilized tenants in low-income communities of color.
 
I won't allow anyone to cheat the system and exploit our neighbors. https://t.co/1WuWgjW3pV
Florida's #DontSayGay law is a cruel, extreme attack on #LGBTQ+ communities in Florida and across our country.

Today, I’m standing with a coalition of 15 AGs to fight back against this disgraceful and harmful law.
RT @nycHealthy: Monkeypox vaccine appointments will go live at https://t.co/8Msasit341 tomorrow, August 4 at 6 p.m. Appointments can also b…
@USDOT must require airlines to:

✈️Advertise and sell only as many flights as they have adequate personnel to fly and support.

💰Refund passengers when flights are canceled or rescheduled and give them more money for the extra costs they incur from delays and cancelations.
The skyrocketing number of flight cancelations and delays in airports across the country is unacceptable.

Travelers have endured too much confusion and frustration, and @USDOT needs to step in and keep these airlines in check.
I'm co-leading a coalition of AGs to protect an Indiana transgender student's right to use school restrooms that are consistent with their gender identity.

Attacking the rights of transgender students is attacking our basic values and constitutional rights.
Real estate fraudster Russell Mainardi mismanaged funds that put 54 low-income co-op residents in Rockland County at risk of losing their homes.

My office worked with @NYSHCR to keep these individuals in their homes and permanently ban Mainardi from real estate in New York.
Tonight, the people of Kansas came out and said they will not go backward.

Everyone in this nation deserves the right to make their own choices about their own bodies.
Robocalls are more than just a nuisance: they are used to scam seniors and defraud consumers. Last year, about $29.8 billion was stolen through scam calls.

Use these tips to identify and avoid robocall scams and report any robocall scams to my office:
https://t.co/WFenANqVwJ https://t.co/h0As3guv7H
I'm proud to launch a bipartisan Anti-Robocall Litigation Taskforce with 50 AGs to crack down on over 33 million daily robocalls that target Americans.

Our task force is going to dial up our efforts to block these unwanted calls and protect consumers nationwide.
We're also urging any worker in the crypto industry who may have witnessed any misconduct or fraud to file a whistleblower complaint:   
  
https://t.co/0nPg3YLArj
In recent months, investors have lost hundreds of billions in crypto investments, and crypto businesses have frozen withdrawals, announced mass layoffs, and gone bankrupt. 
  
If New Yorkers think they've been deceived by crypto platforms, contact us: 
https://t.co/aoSG39XTQO
@LiuNewYork I’m so sorry, @LiuNewYork.

These racist verbal attacks are despicable. New York won’t stand for it or any other form of hate against the #AAPI community.
Dr. Payam Toobian has been indicted for forcing patients to get unnecessary and invasive medical testing and procedures through an alleged Medicaid kickback scheme.

New Yorkers should be able to trust that their doctors aren't forcing them to endure more suffering for profits.
My office will always hold corrupt officials accountable, regardless of their position or political party.
 
Period.

https://t.co/uOxSo0abJQ
When powerful corporations undermine the health and wellbeing of vulnerable communities in New York, they can expect to hear from my office.
https://t.co/WFHlkQ4QYG
Tonight, the House took common-sense action to protect our communities and help save lives.

Now, the Senate must step up and do its job.
https://t.co/Mt5pBUFFyd
This is a critical resource that will help New Yorkers protect themselves against deed theft and other predatory housing scams.

Proud to work with @NYCMayor and @NYCHousing to fund this handbook. https://t.co/SOO1Clw8Sw
New York: Today is the last day to register to vote for the upcoming primary election for Congress and NY State Senate in August.
 
Get registered today and go make your voice heard on August 23.
https://t.co/Nj3cqCUa2H
Former New York State Supreme Court Justice John Michalek has also been sentenced to prison for violating his duty to the public and the very laws he swore to uphold. 
  
Michalek and Pigeon's days of corruption are over. https://t.co/zvqew7pJmG
New Yorkers put their trust in judges and public servants, yet Pigeon and Michalek made a mockery of our institutions for personal gain.

Our judicial system is not for sale, and we will root out corruption in all its forms.
In exchange, Michalek gave Pigeon confidential information about legal cases and let Pigeon influence the cases he oversaw. 
 
Later this afternoon, Michalek will also be sentenced for his role in this scheme.
For years, Pigeon bribed Michalek to influence judicial appointments and decisions.

Pigeon gave Michalek box tickets to sporting events, tickets for political fundraisers, and even secured jobs for Michalek's family members.
Former Chairman of the Erie County Democratic Committee Steve Pigeon has been sentenced to prison for a bribery scheme with former New York State Supreme Court Justice John Michalek.

We will always hold corrupt officials accountable regardless of political party.
.@RWDSU fights for the rights of workers every single day, and I was proud to join their annual convention this morning.

Labor is the backbone of this nation, and I will always stand with you. #RWDSUstrong https://t.co/tX5jP4XMYR
CVS’s actions are a clear example of large corporations using their power to take advantage of our communities. 
 
These hospitals are facing multiple public health crises, and we must ensure they have the resources to provide care to those who need it most.
CVS forced safety net hospitals and health care providers to exclusively use a CVS-owned company to obtain and process federal subsidies on prescriptions filled at CVS pharmacies for patients.

This left providers with no options outside of CVS and made them pay millions more.
My office is suing @cvspharmacy for cheating safety net hospitals and health care providers out of millions of dollars that could have been used to improve patient care in vulnerable communities.  
  
Corporate greed won't go unchecked in New York.
Earlier this month, my office took serious action to stop the flow of dangerous, untraceable ghost guns into New York.

We will continue to do everything we can to tackle the gun violence epidemic and protect our communities.
https://t.co/RfE59Q8Y3m
RT @HealthNYGov: Have a new or unexplained rash, sores, or other symptoms of #monkeypox and believe you may have been exposed to the virus?…
32 years ago, the Americans with Disabilities Act was signed into law, providing basic rights to those with disabilities in our nation.

Today, we keep working to ensure accessibility and inclusivity for all. #ADA32
New York: We have a primary election for Congress and NY State Senate coming up on August 23. 
  
The deadline to register to vote in this election is this Friday, July 29. 
  
Don't wait. Get registered and vote. It's your right.
https://t.co/Nj3cqCUa2H
New Yorkers have seven days to submit public comments on my nomination of Emily Jane Goodman:

https://t.co/K6DWgW9EQV
I’m proud to nominate former New York State Supreme Court Judge Emily Jane Goodman to the Commission on Ethics in Lobbying and Government.

New York needs independent, committed public servants to defend against corruption and abuse. Emily has the expertise and integrity we need.
Keeping workers from pursuing better opportunities is not only unfair. It's illegal.

We're forcing @AmTrustTitle and @FirstNationwide to pay $1.25 million and end "no-poach" agreements with their competitors that prevents employees from working elsewhere and hurts competition.
As our communities continue to face rising levels of gun violence, I sat down with a group of passionate and determined teens in Syracuse to talk about solutions. https://t.co/BhIiUalmkO
RT @NWSNewYorkNY: ⚠️Heat Advisory remains in effect for the entire region.

Near record high temperatures are expected this afternoon with…
Thanks to @UnitedJusticeC and @teamroc for this important summit and having me for this conversation.

Talking about the issues impacting our communities is crucial to finding the resolutions and changes we need.

Now, it's time to get to work.
We have a mental health crisis in this nation, and our vulnerable communities are especially hurt by a lack of access to resources and care.

Today I joined @cthagod, @dralfiee, @ShakaSenghor, and Paul N. Samuels to discuss ways to get communities the care they need. #UJCSummit22 https://t.co/Xtml1ygdK6
RT @nycHealthy: Today we are releasing an additional 17,000 monkeypox vaccine appointments at 6 p.m. 
➡ Sign up here: https://t.co/8Msasit3…
Hate has no home on Long Island or in any corner of New York.
 
Anyone with information about the despicable antisemitic flyers that were distributed in Rockville Centre should contact law enforcement immediately:
 
516-766-1500
My heart is heavy this morning after a @RochesterNYPD officer’s life was stolen last night and another was wounded in a shooting.

Rochester is hurting and we must work together to protect our communities from this violence that is tearing us apart.
RT @nycHealthy: Monkeypox vaccine appointments will go live at https://t.co/8Msasit341 tomorrow at 6pm.  Appointments can also be booked by…
New York is working hard to protect our communities against the monkeypox virus, and we need the assistance of our federal partners.

The federal government must continue to prioritize testing and treatment for monkeypox and get these resources to New York as soon as possible.
Servicemembers risk their lives to protect our country.
 
Preying on them with deceptive scams won't be tolerated.
https://t.co/u1fZemxLtx
I'm wishing @POTUS a full and speedy recovery, and I'm glad to hear that he is experiencing mild symptoms.

We are not out of this pandemic. If you haven't already, get vaccinated, get boosted, and get tested if you're having symptoms of #COVID19 or have been exposed.
With the heat this week, New Yorkers should be careful and limit outdoor activity if they can.

Check on your neighbors, drink plenty of water, and stay safe. https://t.co/eSMjhrnkce
I was in Syracuse today to meet with kids and faith leaders to talk about the gun violence that is plaguing our communities and how we can better support them.

We cannot allow our children's futures to continue to be stolen by senseless gun violence. https://t.co/oBBdSO97X2
When public servants take an oath of office, they promise their constituents to lead with integrity and follow the law. 

Mr. Diaz violated that pledge, along with the public’s trust. 

We will root out corruption in any and every form in New York.
Today, Bronx County Clerk and former Assemblymember Luis Diaz pled guilty to defrauding the court to help a criminal defendant connected to the Genovese crime family in exchange for money. 

Diaz was required to resign as Bronx County Clerk and can't hold public office again.
Harris Jewelry's slogan was "Serving those who Serve," but this company was only interested in serving itself. 
 
Our troops bravely protect our country and our communities every day, and we must protect them in return.
These servicemembers thought they were setting themselves up for the future, but Harris' scams worsened their credit and left them with incredible debt. 
 
Harris will provide refunds, stop collecting millions in outstanding debt, fix bad credit scores, and fully dissolve.
Harris used deceptive marketing tactics to lure servicemembers into high-interest financing programs, claiming they would be able to establish or improve their credit.

Instead, they were tricked into high-interest loans on overpriced, poor-quality jewelry and other hidden fees.
For years, Harris Jewelry preyed on tens of thousands of our nation's servicemembers and veterans and saddled them with thousands in debt. 
 
Today, I'm in Watertown to announce that we and the @FTC recovered over $34.2 million for over 46,000 who were duped by Harris. https://t.co/OsdxK2vI2E
Over the past two years, my office has recovered over $15 million in stolen wages and returned the money to more than 15,000 workers.

It’s illegal to steal wages and we’ll continue to go after anyone who cheats hardworking New Yorkers.
Too often, New Yorkers are taken advantage of by greedy employers who steal their wages to line their own pockets.

Today, I’m with @GovKathyHochul, @NYSLabor, @QueensDAKatz, and @DC9_IUPAT to fight wage theft and ensure New Yorkers get their hard-earned wages. https://t.co/3JY6aRNbBr
We have a free legal hotline to provide information and legal guidance on accessing safe abortion services in New York.
 
New York will always be a safe haven for anyone seeking safe, legal abortion services.
 
☎️ 212- 899-5567
https://t.co/vPb3aPIett
RT @NWSNewYorkNY: A severe thunderstorm watch has been issued for parts of CT, DE, DC, MD, NJ, NY, PA, VA, WV until 10 PM EDT https://t.co/…
Eric Garner's life mattered.

His memory reminds us that we all have a duty to fight for a country where equality, justice, and accountability matter too.

We will continue that fight in their honor.
Today, we honor the lives of John Lewis and Eric Garner.

John Lewis worked every day to turn this country into one that treats everyone equally and with the respect we all deserve.

His legacy reminds us what it actually means to be an American hero.
We are taking serious action to get dangerous ghost guns off our streets and end senseless gun violence.

Our children and our communities shouldn't continue to live in fear that their school, parade, or grocery store will be next.
https://t.co/6Cf8BOHBGV
.@988Lifeline is available to help anyone who needs it.

Call or text:

988 https://t.co/GI0YNYVN1L
❌Groping and insulting female employees.
 
❌Routinely making racist and anti-gay comments.
 
❌Stealing tips.
 
Not on my watch:

Every New Yorker should be able to go to work without enduring abuse.
https://t.co/teIU0hGX2c
After a lifetime of leadership, the honorable Al Vann passed away peacefully last night.

Former Council Member and Assemblymember Vann was a dedicated public servant, mentor, and a friend. 

Brooklyn and all of New York lost a legend. 

May he rest in peace and in power.
We sued national gun distributors for illegally selling ghost guns and endangering New Yorkers.
 
Now, we're taking action to stop six of these companies from continuing to sell these dangerous weapons in New York.
 
Lives are lost to gun violence every day. Action can't wait.
I stand with Dr. Caitlin Bernard and any other doctor being threatened for providing critical and lifesaving health care.
Today, we also reclaimed this space. 
 
This community drove out the darkness and showed the nation what it means to be #BuffaloStrong.

Hate will never win. Not today, not tomorrow, not ever.
I was in Buffalo today for the re-opening of Tops grocery store, two months after an act of racist terror claimed 10 beautiful Black lives.
 
Today, we honored the lives of those we lost and the incredible strength and resilience of this community. https://t.co/3RqCrc7sFC
If the Attorney General of Texas were actually ‘pro-life,’ he would do anything possible to save the life of a mother faced with a dire medical emergency.
 
I am sickened by his dangerous and inhumane action, but make no mistake: we will fight back.
https://t.co/pPOOosrUrR
Because of these brave workers speaking up, these hostile conditions have come to an end.

My office will be monitoring Sweet &amp; Vicious to ensure it treats its employees with the respect they deserve.

We will continue to protect workers from abusive workplaces.
The owner also routinely made racist and anti-gay comments to employees, didn’t pay overtime, and stole their tips.

Male managers groped and harassed female bartenders, and when employees reported this behavior, it was ignored or laughed at.
For years, the owner, Hakan Karamahmutoglu, created and perpetuated this hostile workplace. 
 
He routinely insulted female employees and scrutinized their appearance, commenting on their bodies, clothes, and insisted on only hiring employees who were “tall, blonde, and sexy.”
Today, we’re announcing a major settlement with Sweet &amp; Vicious, a bar in NYC, for sexually harassing its employees, grossly discriminating against them, and stealing their wages.

Employees will receive $500,000 from the bar and its owner for this horrible treatment. https://t.co/3gDFjkF0ca
This afternoon, I met with @MomsDemand of Rockland County to discuss our efforts to combat gun violence in New York.

@MomsDemand has been fighting to end the gun violence epidemic and to protect our communities from this senseless devastation. https://t.co/GDPgVfSGh6
.@RocklandPride is a lifeline for the #LGBTQ+ community in Rockland County and the Hudson Valley. 

I was proud to stop by the center today with @kenzebrowski_ny and @senatorERM to meet with staff and members of the center. https://t.co/h1XWG3ZiyJ
I promised New Yorkers that we would do everything in our power to hold drug manufacturers and distributors accountable for their role in the opioid crisis.

We will continue to stand up to Big Pharma and ensure they pay New Yorkers for the damage they caused.
Teva swore in court that it had no role in the U.S. opioids business.

Yet, we have found it was the primary decision maker for @TevaUSA, and the company used a complex web of shell corporations to transfer significant funds out of @TevaUSA and into offshore accounts.
We are taking legal action in court to examine Teva's real role in the devastation this crisis has caused.

By making misrepresentations to escape our reach, Teva Pharmaceuticals underestimated our commitment to securing justice for the people of New York.
Last year, we won our trial to hold opioid manufacturer @TevaUSA accountable for its role in fueling the opioid crisis.

We have now also uncovered evidence that Teva Pharmaceuticals, the parent company of @TevaUSA, lied to evade accountability for its role in this epidemic. https://t.co/3JNoQBJuYw
Abortion services remain legal in New York for all who seek it.

Use our free legal hotline for information and legal guidance on accessing safe abortion services in New York.

☎️ 212- 899-5567

https://t.co/vPb3aPIett
This week, a judge found Cushman &amp; Wakefield in contempt for refusing to comply with our investigation into Donald Trump and the Trump Organization's financial dealings. 
 
No one is above the law.
https://t.co/9vyLW8kg3X
As we mark the end of the Hajj, #EidMubarak to everyone celebrating #EidAlAdha. 

I’m wishing the entire Muslim community a peaceful celebration during this blessed time.
The attack at the Masjid Fatima Al-Zahra Mosque in Ronkonkoma is despicable, and New York won't tolerate it.
 
Anyone with information about this attack on our Muslim community should report it immediately:
 
1-800-220-TIPS
https://t.co/pFFupqnEgo
My office has recovered over $530,000 in refunds for New Yorkers who were misled about #COVID19 test result times.

If you were deceived about #COVID19 test result turnaround times, contact us:
https://t.co/AnrxKM3prY
This year, we warned @Clear19RT to stop misrepresenting turnaround times for #COVID19 test results. 
 
After putting the company on notice, we recouped over $122,000 for hundreds of New Yorkers who paid for expedited testing but got their results later than they were promised.
Brooklyn landlord SGW Properties illegally withheld nearly $300,000 in security deposits from 129 tenants.

Today, we’re returning that money to these New Yorkers who were cheated and forcing SGW to stop mistreating its tenants.
No person or company, no matter how powerful, is above the law.

https://t.co/R8WvF3WS3o
A judge has ruled that Cushman &amp; Wakefield is in contempt for failing to comply with our investigation into Donald Trump and the Trump Organization's financial dealings.

The company must pay $10,000 every day until it complies with our subpoenas.
As summer travel increases, we're providing hotels across New York with information about spotting and responding to human trafficking and reminding them that they must display resources to help victims.
 
If you need help, call 1-888-373-7888 or text HELP or INFO to 233733.
My heart is with the entire Highland Park community tonight after today’s act of senseless gun violence.

How many more lives do we need to lose?
Take care of yourself today.

Tomorrow, we get back to work.
The 4th of July is a celebration of our nation's independence and democracy, and the fundamental rights that come with it.

The past year has reminded us that those rights are fragile, and we all share a responsibility to protect them.
With the Supreme Court's destructive decision, we're doing everything in our power to ensure people can access safe abortions.

If you need information and legal guidance about access to abortion in New York, contact our legal hotline:

☎️ 212- 899-5567

https://t.co/0mvJowV0Oc
This week, my office filed a nation-leading lawsuit to hold gun distributors accountable for flooding our communities with dangerous ghost guns.

We're taking on the gun violence epidemic from every angle.
https://t.co/zJLQHVZ4iP
Proud to work with our legislative leaders on these critical issues and thanks to them and the governor for getting this done.  
  
We will keep moving forward and protecting New Yorkers' rights.
Once again, New York is leading the way.

In the aftermath of the Supreme Court's harmful decisions, New York acted swiftly and thoroughly to preserve the right to abortion and enact common-sense measures to protect our communities from gun violence.
RT @NYCHealthSystem: The additional #opioid settlement funds secured by 
@NewYorkStateAG will help our substance-use consult teams provide…
The previous federal administration’s policy to send asylum-seeking immigrants back to the danger they were fleeing was unconscionable.

We acted to support the Biden administration in this case and we will keep fighting for our immigrant communities.
https://t.co/MktSFZdQg8
For nearly three decades, Justice Stephen Breyer has offered this country an unwavering commitment to democracy and the rule of law.
 
Today, we thank him for his service on the Supreme Court and celebrate the historic swearing-in of Justice Ketanji Brown Jackson.
The Supreme Court's decision to restrict the @EPA's ability to regulate emissions from power plants is destructive and dangerous. 
 
My office will keep fighting to stop these pollutants from threatening our people and our planet.
After @Wegmans failed to safely store and seal the personal information of millions, we're forcing the company to pay fines and fix its spoiled data security practices.
 
It's 2022, there's no excuse to allow data breaches that harm consumers.
Crisis pregnancy centers exist to discourage people from having an abortion and they don’t offer health care services.

Yet, when people use @google to search for access to safe abortion services, @googlemaps leads them to these centers.

@Google must fix this issue immediately.
Doing it for Jaime. https://t.co/oCWBBEeRJo
My office is seeking to ban these companies from selling or shipping gun parts in New York and make them pay for the harm they've caused.

We will continue to do everything we can to combat the gun violence crisis and get illegal guns off our streets and out of our communities.
We are taking this major action today using New York’s Public Nuisance law for the first time.

These guns have been linked to shootings and even murders in New York City, and we’re cracking down on the companies that are fueling this destruction.
These 10 companies have flooded our streets with untraceable weapons.

They have sold ghost gun pieces or kits to New Yorkers without a background check, without any federally required record of sale, and to people who otherwise could not legally purchase a firearm.
I’m announcing a landmark lawsuit against 10 national gun distributors for selling tens of thousands of ghost gun parts that were used to create untraceable ghost guns.

@NYCMayor and I are delivering on our promise to hold these companies accountable and protect New Yorkers. https://t.co/fEYYBMuFXC
New York: the polls have closed, but if you are in line to vote, stay in line. You have the right to cast your ballot and make your voice heard.
 
Report any issues at the polls to our election protection hotline:
 
(866) 390-2992
 
https://t.co/48Md6pmSY8
@AlexRapaport @NYCVotes @BOENYC @WNYC @NBCNewYork @CBSNewYork @NYTMetro Please report this to my office:

(866) 390-2992
I’m grateful to my former colleague @SecBecerra for taking action to help protect the right to choose.

We must do everything we can to ensure safe abortion services are available to all who seek it. https://t.co/dZxsYZ7n62
There are still toxic metals in food for babies and young children, and the @US_FDA and @USDA are dragging their feet on taking common-sense steps to eliminate these dangerous metals.

I am once again leading a coalition of AGs to demand the @US_FDA and @USDA act now.
We're partnering with 24 national law firms and 8 advocacy groups, led by @PaulWeissLLP and @ReproRights, to help people know their legal rights and access safe abortions.

Every person in this country should have the right to make their own decisions about their own bodies.
New York won't back down to protect access to abortion: we're launching a legal hotline to help patients, providers, and others seeking information and legal guidance about access to abortion in New York.

☎️212- 899-5567

https://t.co/vPb3aPIett
@JSEttinger @JacksonHeights_ @NYSBOE @BrianLehrer @votejgr @voteshekar @NYCMayor @WNYC @1010WINS @NBCNewYork Please report this to my office:

(866) 390-2992
Voting is the most important tool you have to protect our nation's democracy. 
 
The polls are open, New York. Go vote, and if you have any problems at the polls, report it to my office:
 
☎️ (866) 390-2992  
https://t.co/48Md6pmSY8
I won't back down in the fight to protect access to safe abortion services, and nor will a coalition of 21 other AGs from across the country.

It's your body, your choice, and we will protect your basic rights.
Happy #Pride, New York.

#Pride is about the fight to be who you are, love who you love, and to make your own choices. https://t.co/wnpfft5srf
Now more than ever, we need every single person is this nation to get out and make your voice heard, especially at the polls.

Early voting in New York ends tomorrow and Primary Day is this Tuesday, June 28.

Get out and vote.
https://t.co/cE1LQXYsXT
Stripping away the right to choose is an attack on our most basic freedoms as humans.

I’m going to fight to make sure anyone who needs it can access safe abortion services in New York.

Our state will be a safe haven for everyone.

https://t.co/0fF7vX4Yqk
I’m with thousands of New Yorkers to say get your #BansOffOurBodies.

It’s our body. It’s our choice.

New York will not go backward. https://t.co/uFnV0NMYZK
Abortion is still legal in New York, and anyone seeking abortion services is welcome here.
 
New York will always be a safe haven for everyone. https://t.co/uzIMoRWWrj
I will work tirelessly to ensure our most vulnerable and people from hostile states have access to this lifesaving care.

Everyone in this nation deserves the right to make their own decisions about their bodies.
The Supreme Court's vicious decision to overturn Roe v. Wade is one of the darkest moments in the history of this nation.

Make no mistake: While other states strip away the fundamental right to choose, New York will always be a safe haven for anyone seeking an abortion.
Make no mistake: This decision will not deter us from standing up to the gun lobby and their repeated efforts to endanger New Yorkers. 
 
I vow to use the full force of my office to protect New Yorkers and American families.
In the days to come, my office will be taking action to address the potential harm that this ruling may cause, and we will continue to defend the constitutionality of our state’s laws, as we’ve always done.
For over 100 years, this law has protected New Yorkers from harm by ensuring there are reasonable and appropriate regulations for guns in public spaces.  
 
We will work with the Governor and Legislature to amend our licensing statute that will continue to protect New Yorkers.
The Supreme Court's ruling to strike down New York's requirement for concealed carry in its gun licensing law is incredibly disappointing.

But I want to reassure New Yorkers that our basic gun laws remain intact – it is not open season for carrying guns in public.
We are currently reviewing the decision from the Supreme Court on New York's ability to regulate who can carry firearms in public.

But we will continue to do everything in our power to protect New Yorkers from gun violence and preserve our state's common sense gun laws.
After @CarnivalCruise failed to securely dock and protect thousands of New Yorkers’ personal information, we reeled in $1.25 million in penalties and forced Carnival to turn the tide on its reckless data security practices.
https://t.co/0hXhKQ4uw2
Today, we are listening to those who have been denied access to care. 

We are seeking answers for the lack of resources in our state. 

We are exploring solutions to address these serious and harmful problems.

New Yorkers deserve better.
But the pandemic did not cause this problem. We have been dealing with a mental health crisis for years.
 
❌Community-based care has been underfunded
❌In-patient hospital beds have been cut
❌Facilities for our children have been shut down

Yet the need for care has increased.
New Yorkers are struggling with mental health issues every day.

For some, it’s anxiety, loneliness, or grief from the pandemic or other stressors. 

For others, it’s more serious, chronic mental health illness, exacerbated by the pandemic and the lack of access to critical care.
My office's hearing on access to mental health starts now. 

Tune in: 

https://t.co/nD08KReRNJ
Today at 2PM, my office is holding a hearing about the challenges New Yorkers are facing accessing mental health care and how we can do better to get them the services they need and deserve.

Tune in this afternoon:
https://t.co/4GZwEB0u8U
The postdoctoral fellows of @spocuaw provide critical research for @IcahnMountSinai and the scientific community, and they deserve to have their rights protected in the workplace.

I fully support their right to organize.
I’m proud to be in Hauppauge today for Suffolk County's inaugural #Juneteenth Jubilee. https://t.co/iYtilufSka
This #Juneteenth, we celebrate our liberation from the painful bonds of slavery and acknowledge the progress we've made in the decades since.

We must also recognize the systemic issues that we still face and keep fighting for a nation that delivers true equality for everyone.
There isn't one way to define what it means to be a father.

To all the dads, grandfathers, uncles, brothers, and other father figures, Happy #FathersDay.
That dark day reminds us that our fight is far from over, and we must continue to fight together for justice and true equality for all. 
 
Only then will freedom truly ring.
I'm honored to join the Buffalo community today for the Buffalo #Juneteenth Parade.

As we celebrate emancipation, we also remember the 10 innocent lives that were stolen from us at Tops Friendly Markets last month. I have held them in my heart every day since. https://t.co/F6jhKoIUXV
Today is the first day to vote early for the June primary elections in New York.

Get out, vote early, and if you have any issues at the polls, contact my office.

https://t.co/48Md6pmSY8
I'm proud to provide @CASAbronx with $50,000 for its important work to protect tenants in the Bronx and ensure families have safe and decent homes.

These funds were secured from a landlord and law firm that gave tenants unsolicited and misleading legal advice about their rights. https://t.co/3BFGe8MQNQ
Chief Scholl dedicated his career to serving and protecting the people of New York City, and I’m thinking of his family, loved ones, and the entire @NYPDnews community.

May he rest in peace. https://t.co/SgmZ27qOAI
The mass shootings that targeted communities in Charleston, Buffalo, Pittsburgh, Orlando, and so many other places are a sober reminder of the work we must do to build a society free of hate.

We can and we must do better.
Seven years ago, nine people were murdered by a white supremacist at Charleston's Emanuel AME Church.

We remember their lives. We honor their lives. We keep fighting for a world free of racism, hate, and senseless acts of gun violence.
New York: Early voting for the June primary elections starts tomorrow, June 18, 2022.

As always, my office is operating an election protection hotline that is available for anyone who has issues casting their ballot.

Make a plan and go vote early.
https://t.co/48Md6pmSY8
@MNK has pumped millions of dangerous opioid pills into New York, and we're holding it accountable for the destruction it caused.

Along with the $1.5 billion we already secured, these funds will go directly into local communities for treatment, prevention, and recovery programs.
My office has also secured up to $58.5 million from @MNK, one of the nation's largest opioid manufacturers, for its role in fueling the opioid crisis.
 
These funds will help us prevent future devastation and turn the tide on this crisis. https://t.co/J6lDJ1sGdq
We're forcing drug manufacturer @MNK to pay $26.8 million to New York for defrauding Medicaid.

@MNK spent years underpaying millions of Medicaid drug rebates, skirting the law for its own corporate gain.

We will protect New Yorkers from companies that cheat the system.
If you think you've been charged these fees on gas since June 1, 2022, please report it to my office:

https://t.co/AnrxKM3prY
Americans are facing record fuel prices, and to help families in New York, gas stations across the state cannot charge state and local taxes on fuel through the end of this year.
 
Today, we're reminding gas stations that they must comply with this law.
https://t.co/EEixXbo7Va
RT @UlsterExec: This is a major victory in our efforts to stem the flow of guns, gangs, and drugs into our community; and will deliver a de…
Ending gun violence and the opioid crisis requires action from every angle. This takedown is our latest effort to crack down on these harms and protect our communities.

Thanks to the @UlsterCoSheriff's Office and other members of law enforcement for assisting in this operation.
During this investigation, we seized:
 
➡️$1.2 million worth of cocaine
➡️15,000 methamphetamine pills
➡️5,000 fake Xanax pills
➡️750 heroin pills
➡️39 firearms, including assault weapons
➡️40 high-capacity magazines
➡️Hundreds of rounds of ammunition
➡️$120,000 in cash
These 12 individuals moved massive amounts of drugs, but even more concerning, they disguised heroin and methamphetamine as pharmaceutical grade pills.

➡️Heroin was disguised to look like oxycodone.
➡️Methamphetamine was disguised to look like Adderall.
➡️Xanax was artificial.
We busted a major drug trafficking ring that flooded the Hudson Valley with heroin, cocaine, and methamphetamine and seized dozens of guns, including assault weapons.

Our communities are devastated by opioids and guns every day and we're cracking down on those fueling this harm. https://t.co/vPxB0pI7h4
In order to address this crisis, we need to hear directly from health care providers and impacted New Yorkers who have experienced these challenges firsthand.

We must shine a spotlight on this issue and explore potential reforms to get New Yorkers the care they need.
Across the state, far too many can't get the mental health care they need and deserve.

Inpatient treatment options are limited and decreasing.

Families can't find adequate services for our children.

Homelessness, incarceration, and more frequent hospital visits have increased.
New York: On Wednesday, June 22, 2022, my office will hold a public hearing about the challenges New Yorkers are facing accessing mental health care.

If you or someone you know has been struggling to get care, we want to hear from you.
https://t.co/ZNsSDlfVaV
The new details revealed tonight related to January 6 are disturbing.

It’s my duty to investigate allegations of fraud or potential misconduct in New York.

This incident is no exception.
From Syracuse to Buffalo to New York City, my office has taken on landlords across the state that violate lead paint laws and expose children to these dangers.

We will continue to address this harmful issue and protect the health and safety of our children.
My office, @Syracuse1848, and @CEJRyanMcMahon have shut down Endzone Properties and banned its owner, John Kiggins, from owning or managing any rental properties in New York.

Kiggins will pay hundreds of thousands that will be used to address lead paint poisoning in Syracuse. https://t.co/r7xKOF2qVa
Me enorgullece marchar en el Desfile Puertorriqueño. Para celebrar las innumerables contribuciones que los neoyorquinos puertorriqueños dan a la ciudad de Nueva York y a todo nuestro estado.

Que Viva Puerto Rico!
I’m proud to march in the Puerto Rican Day Parade to celebrate the countless contributions Puerto Rican New Yorkers make to New York City and our entire state.

Que Viva Puerto Rico! https://t.co/ZKHG6IedPX
RT @ChrisMurphyCT: 🚨NEWS: We have a deal. Today a bipartisan group of 20 Senators (10 D and 10 R) is announcing a breakthrough agreement on…
Six years ago, 49 innocent lives were stolen from us at the #Pulse nightclub shooting during #pride.

In their honor, we keep fighting to end senseless gun violence and the devastation it causes all of our communities.
We must end gun violence in America. #EnoughIsEnough #MarchForOurLives https://t.co/g6V6Rk4We0
RT @NYCMayor: The time to dam the rivers of violence, to stop the flow of guns into our city and to protect the lives of our children is NO…
Today, New York joins cities across the nation to #MarchForOurLives and say:
 
Enough waiting. 
 
Enough praying. 
 
Enough offering empty thoughts.
 
We will fight every single day until we get the common-sense gun reforms this nation needs to end gun violence and save lives. https://t.co/hD0QWItyNq
Once again, a court has rejected the @NRA’s attempts to dismiss our lawsuit against the NRA for its years of fraud and abuse. 
 
We will continue our efforts to hold the NRA accountable because no one is above the law.
Buffalo. Uvalde. Tulsa. Philadelphia. Chattanooga. Summerton. Smithsburg.

How many more lives do we need to lose before we take action?
If the Supreme Court overturns Roe, countless people across the nation, especially low-income and communities of color, will lose access to abortion services and other essential reproductive care.
 
Congress must act and protect reproductive health care for all who seek it.
My office is suing Bobby's Towing and its owner, Robert Scores, for harassing hundreds of New Yorkers in Poughkeepsie by illegally towing cars, overcharging for towing fees, and creating fake tickets.

We're slamming the brakes on this predatory behavior.
https://t.co/HvTvkq8du8
New York will always lead, and my office will defend these life-saving laws against all challenges.

But action in New York alone is not enough.

Elected officials around the country must step up.

I urge others with a backbone to follow.

Lives are at stake every single day.
As we saw in Buffalo, Charleston, Pittsburgh, our work must go beyond regulating guns.

Today, my office has new authority to study and address the social media companies that provide an unchecked platform for dangerous and hate-filled ideas to spread.
Across the country, gun violence is wreaking havoc on our communities, and New York is not going to wait for another tragedy to step up and act.

I'm proud to join New York leaders to enact nation-leading, common sense gun laws that will protect our communities. https://t.co/AKbWz2wdfk
Buffalo. Uvalde. Tulsa. Philadelphia. Chattanooga.

How many more lives do we need to lose before we take action?
We are not going to wait for another tragedy to crackdown on gun violence.
 
This week, my office ordered 28 gun dealers to immediately stop selling and advertising gun parts that are used to create dangerous untraceable ghost guns.
https://t.co/siT1gZgpZm
RT @NYSDOS: Mark your calendars!📅 DOS will hold a meeting on Thursday, June 9 from 6:00-8:00 p.m. @ the Brooklyn Borough Hall to discuss es…
I wear orange for Buffalo. I wear orange for Uvalde. I wear orange for every single American impacted by senseless gun violence.
 
But wearing orange is not enough.
 
We need action.
 
#WearOrange #GunViolenceAwarenessDay https://t.co/320579Fxeu
In New York, the fundamental right to choose will not be taken away. 
 
Our leaders are taking real action to ensure New Yorkers and people across this country can access safe, legal abortions here.
https://t.co/Nnxny3IY44
I applaud the New York Legislature for passing common sense gun reforms in our state that will save lives.

We will defend these basic safety measures against all challenges.
https://t.co/EKYSRt0iO2
New York: Today is the last day to register to vote in the upcoming primary election on June 28, 2022.
 
Voting is our most sacred right. Get registered today.
https://t.co/Nj3cqCUa2H
.@POTUS is right.

We have lost too many innocent lives to senseless gun violence.

We have seen too many devastated by the pains of senseless gun violence.

We need our federal leaders to step up and pass common sense gun laws.

Now. https://t.co/XC4rjfqtSR
As we’ve recently seen in the Bronx, Legionnaires’ disease continues to spread in New York City.

We are committed to protecting New Yorkers' health and stopping the spread of this preventable disease.
My office found that @Verizon failed to maintain its cooling towers on buildings across New York City, causing the towers to spread Legionnaires’ disease, a dangerous and lethal form of pneumonia. 

@Verizon will immediately act to correct its illegal operations.
New York: Tomorrow, June 3, 2022 is the last day to register to vote in the upcoming June primary.

Don't wait. Get registered today and vote. It's your right.

https://t.co/Nj3cqCUa2H
The cryptocurrency market is extremely unpredictable. Just last month, the market reached record lows and investors lost hundreds of billions.
 
New Yorkers should be cautious and think twice before putting their hard-earned money into this unstable market.
Buffalo. Uvalde. Tulsa. 

How many more lives do we need to lose before we take action?
https://t.co/ei3SE3ngox
The gun violence epidemic has wreaked havoc on our communities for far too long. 
 
This month, and every month after that, we will keep fighting to pass common sense gun laws in this nation and help put an end to the destruction caused by senseless gun violence.
Take action this month for Buffalo and Uvalde.

Take action this month because prayers won't do.

Take action this month for the countless impacted by senseless gun violence.

Take action this month to end preventable tragedies and save future lives.

#GunViolenceAwarenessMonth
🚨New York: The deadline to register to vote in the upcoming June primary is this Friday, June 3, 2022.
 
Use the link below to get registered and vote. It's your right.
https://t.co/Nj3cqCUa2H
Today is the start of Gun Violence Awareness Month, and we’re taking action to prevent future tragedies and end the gun violence epidemic in New York and across the country.
Ghost guns are just as dangerous as regular firearms. 
  
If these gun dealers don't comply with the law immediately and stop selling these weapons, they will face the full force of my office.
My office is ordering 28 gun dealers in New York to immediately stop selling and advertising ghost gun parts.  
  
We found that these dealers were selling ghost gun parts on their websites and at gun shows even though it's illegal to do so in New York.
Happy #Pride, New York.

#Pride is about celebrating who you are, honoring those who fought to get us here, and continuing to work for the true equality the #LGBTQ+ community deserves.
当我们结束 #AAPIHertageMonth时，我很自豪能与纽约市民选官员和社区领袖举行会议讨论影响 # AAPI社区的问题，特别是解决仇恨犯罪上升的必要性。
As we wrap up #AAPIHeritageMonth, I was proud to host a roundtable with elected officials and community leaders from across New York City to talk about the issues impacting #AAPI communities, especially the need to address the rise in hate crimes. https://t.co/sUAPhjJJRp
RT @GovKathyHochul: Proud to join @NewYorkStateAG, @RepGraceMeng &amp; @QnsBPRichards at the Little Neck-Douglaston #MemorialDay Parade today!…
Thank you, Laurelton and Little Neck for turning out today to honor our heroes. #MemorialDay https://t.co/BsgXdMStgh
This #MemorialDay, we honor the brave heroes who risked their lives to serve our nation.
 
New York will never forget the sacrifices they made for our freedom.
My office will continue to follow the facts of this investigation and ensure that no one can evade the law.
https://t.co/DUJISQ4x5O
This week, we busted a massive retail theft operation and recovered over $3.8 million worth of stolen goods, luxury clothing, bags, and more.

Cracking down on crime and protecting communities in New York is a top priority.
https://t.co/uin6qYujcu
New York: The deadline to register to vote for the June primary election is Friday, June 3, 2022.
 
Don't wait. Get registered and vote. It's your right.
 
⬇️⬇️⬇️
https://t.co/Nj3cqCUa2H
#BREAKING: In a big victory, a federal court has dismissed Donald Trump's baseless lawsuit to stop my office's investigation into his and the Trump Organization's financial dealings.

Frivolous lawsuits won't stop us from completing our lawful, legitimate investigation. https://t.co/Ax3rmLORpR
If you come across anyone price gouging baby formula, immediately report it to my office:

https://t.co/jdWVCnyNO5
I’m demanding over 30 retailers across the state immediately stop overcharging for baby formula.

I’m not going to tolerate anyone trying to take advantage of this shortage to line their own pockets.
In all, 41 people have been charged for their roles in this alleged criminal enterprise.  
 
We are going to continue to work with our partners in law enforcement to combat crime.
After an investigation with @NYPDnews, we seized over $3.8 million worth of stolen luxury clothing, thousands of items from drug stores, over 550 gift and cash cards, and over $300,000 in cash from Roni Rubinov, the operation's alleged mastermind.
Today, my office busted a massive retail theft operation in New York City that allegedly stole millions of dollars in goods from stores and resold them for profit on eBay.

@NYCMayor and I are cracking down on crime and protecting communities across New York. https://t.co/jW85zfsKwf
#BREAKING: A court has once again ruled in our favor and ordered Donald Trump, Donald Trump Jr., and Ivanka Trump to appear before my office to testify under oath.

Our investigation will continue undeterred because no one is above the law.
As public officials, we were elected to solve problems and address the needs of the people.
 
Prayers alone will no longer do.
 
Cowardliness is not part of the job description.
 
New York will always lead, and I urge others with a backbone to follow.
New York has a right to act to protect our residents and go after companies that cause us harm.
 
We must use every tool we have to end gun violence and stand up to the powerful forces responsible for these weapons of death and destruction.
In a major victory, a federal court affirmed my office's right to hold gun manufacturers accountable for the devastation caused by guns.
 
As we mourn the innocent lives lost in Uvalde, Buffalo, and across the nation, this is a moment of light and hope.
Two years ago, George Floyd was murdered.

While we've seen some semblance of justice for his death, it doesn't change the fact that George Floyd should still be alive today, and that we still have work to do in this nation.

George Floyd's life mattered. Black Lives Matter.
This morning, countless more are retraumatized by the losses they were forced to endure from senseless gun violence.

We need real action: Congress must pass common sense gun laws in this country and they must do it now.
This morning, countless families in Uvalde, Texas are mourning the loss of a child, mother, partner, and family member.

This morning, I'm in Buffalo to lay Aaron Salter Jr. to rest, the security guard at Tops Market who was killed while trying to save lives.
My heart breaks for the community of Uvalde, Texas after this horrific shooting at Robb Elementary School.

The life of children should not be ripped away from us by senseless violence. Educators shouldn’t fear going to work. Schools are not battlegrounds.
https://t.co/1QSd1M2nQU
The Adult Survivors Act provides survivors with an opportunity to get the justice they deserve and sends a loud and clear message that sexual harassment won't be tolerated in New York.

I applaud the Legislature for passing this legislation and @GovKathyHochul for signing it.
These hardworking people spent decades serving our communities and caring for our sick, elderly, and vulnerable.

Today, we are fighting for the pensions that they earned and deserve.
The diocese, which operated the hospital, failed to properly fund or manage the pension plan, instead making reckless choices that caused it to crash.
 
They violated our state's laws and their fiduciary responsibilities, leaving so many people in harm’s way.
My office is suing @AlbanyDiocese to protect over 1,100 former employees of St. Clare's Hospital who were deprived of their pensions. 
  
After years of mismanagement and neglect, these essential workers were left with nothing when they retired. https://t.co/OnRtyH82FK
It's an honor to be recognized by @TIME as one of 2022's #TIME100.
 
As the Attorney General of New York, I will always fight to defend the rights of New Yorkers and ensure that everyone plays by the same set of rules.

https://t.co/btLN2WwbID
.@CFPB and I have shut down a Buffalo-based group of debt collectors that illegally used abusive and threatening tactics to collect millions of dollars from consumers.

The debt collectors will pay $4 million and are permanently banned from the industry.
https://t.co/v8RQ8cR8oY
Recordatorio: mi oficina no tolerará que los malos actores se aprovechen de la escasez de fórmula para bebés cobrando precios exorbitantes.
 
Informe el aumento de precios de la fórmula para bebés a mi oficina:

https://t.co/jdWVCnyNO5
Reminder: My office will not tolerate bad actors taking advantage of the baby formula shortage by charging exorbitant prices.
 
Report price gouging of baby formula to my office:
 
https://t.co/jdWVCnyNO5
RT @GovKathyHochul: It’s a wonderful day to be out in Manhattan with @NewYorkStateAG to celebrate Israel! https://t.co/2QhxtlyBPz
Proud to be at the @CelebrateIsrael parade today to support Israeli and Jewish communities in New York and beyond.
 
While we're seeing record levels of antisemitism, it’s critical that we stand together in support of our Jewish neighbors and united against hate of any kind. https://t.co/6CDl64MAac
I was honored to deliver the Commencement address for the @buffalostate Class of 2022. 
 
During one of Buffalo's darkest weeks, this morning was a moment of light and hope. 
 
Congratulations to the #BuffaloStateGrads🎓 and @DJFlash4eva on your honorary degree! https://t.co/IQqbX9ZQQ9
We must ensure there are no barriers to those seeking access to health care, including mental health services.
 
I'm proud to announce that my office has delivered $13.6 million for individuals who were unlawfully denied coverage for mental health care by health insurer @UHC.
With summer approaching, remember that scammers don't take the summer off. Your plans can quickly melt if you aren't careful planning your vacations.

My office has guidance so you can soak up the sun and protect yourself from getting burned on your vacation rentals. https://t.co/Z0ZIcOJeyF
State AGs do important work to protect consumers from fraud and predatory actions by financial institutions.
 
Thanks to @chopracfpb and the @CFPB for strengthening our ability to root out fraud and protect our residents. https://t.co/OAZZc0cSE1
For years, @hm kept unused money on gift cards that consumers paid for and repeatedly lied about it to the state.

Today, we're forcing the company to pay $36 million for its unlawful behavior.

Breaking the law to line your own pockets is not trendy.
This terror attack again revealed the depths and dangers of these platforms that spread and promote hate without consequence.

We are doing everything in our power to stop this dangerous behavior now and ensure it never happens again.
My office is launching investigations into the social media companies that the Buffalo shooter used to plan, promote, and stream his terror attack.

We are investigating Twitch, 4chan, 8chan, and Discord, among others, all platforms that the shooter used to amplify this attack.
Long overdue, but this is a historic moment for the fight for equal pay.

These athletes are incredible leaders both on and off the field.
https://t.co/NCjDNSpY0L
RT @MassAGO: I'm leading a coalition of 20 AGs filing an amicus brief in support of @NewYorkStateAG and the state's anti-discrimination law…
Everyone deserves the right to proudly be who they are.

On International Day Against Homophobia, Transphobia, and Biphobia, I stand with the #LGBTQ+ community and will never stop fighting for the equality and acceptance that you deserve. #IDAHOBIT
I joined @POTUS and @FLOTUS to meet with the Buffalo community and pay respects to the victims of this weekend's domestic act of terror.

Ten innocent lives were lost to white supremacy-filled racism and hate. Today, tomorrow, and every day after that, we will honor their lives. https://t.co/mChfnUU8SE
RT @markpoloncarz: .@NewYorkStateAG Tish James and Bishop/Common Council President @DariusPridgen will be greeting @POTUS Biden at the Tops…
Tonight, communities in Harlem have gathered together at @BethelGA for a vigil to honor the lives we lost and everyone who was impacted by the act of terror in Buffalo.
 
We will never forget. https://t.co/92zQeMbms9
New Yorkers who want to show their support for the Buffalo community should be careful of sham charities and make sure they are giving to trustworthy organizations.

Report any issues to my office:

✉️charities.complaints@ag.ny.gov https://t.co/VMrIxfFAGS
I’ve been in Buffalo today meeting with the community and giving my support to everyone hurting from yesterday’s act of terror.

Buffalo and all of New York is mourning, but we will rise up and heal.

White supremacy, racism, and hate will never win.
Racism-fueled terror devastated Buffalo today.

I’m thinking of the families and loved ones of those we’ve lost and everyone who was impacted on one of the darkest days our state has ever seen. https://t.co/JPrtqGKzri
All of New York is with Buffalo after this tragic mass shooting.

Please follow guidance from law enforcement and avoid the area. https://t.co/voFAzxeIuk
Today, we collected 48 firearms at our gun buyback event in Poughkeepsie. 
 
We will keep working to help save lives and end the gun violence epidemic in New York. https://t.co/kR9G3rkRVP
I'm with thousands of New Yorkers to fight for the fundamental right to an abortion.
 
All across our nation today, Americans are marching to say #BansOffOurBodies. 
 
It's our choice. https://t.co/sDMNa7EOiA
TODAY: My office is hosting a community gun buyback with @poughkeepsiePD from 10AM-1PM at the Beulah Baptist Church in Poughkeepsie.

No ID is needed, and no questions will be asked. 
 
Join us: https://t.co/pNbEnsu8Ps
Join us tomorrow, May 14, from 10AM-1PM for a community gun buyback event with @poughkeepsiePD at the Beulah Baptist Church in Poughkeepsie.

No ID is needed and no questions will be asked. https://t.co/Ai6D915AAb
Thanks to Senator @LizKrueger for your work on this important issue.
 
New York will keep fighting to protect the right to access an abortion for all who seek it.
➡️ Be careful about what you post on social media.

➡️ Use a secure messaging service when sending messages.

➡️ Manage your online privacy settings on all of your devices.

If you think you're being tracked when seeking abortion care, contact my office:
https://t.co/sLV2owMatv
Here are some tips that can help protect your privacy if you're seeking abortion care:

➡️ Before going to a sensitive location, turn off location services and ad personalization on your phone.

➡️ Use a private web browser when searching for information related to abortion care.
There have been reports of social media platforms and everyday apps that track fertility and menstrual cycles collecting and selling consumers' personal information.

With abortion under threat, it’s more important than ever to take steps to protect your privacy.

⬇️⬇️⬇️
RT @MayorBronin: An honor to have @TishJames in #Hartford tonight for the @UAWRegion9A Civil &amp; Human Rights Dinner. https://t.co/0Qfk7Eiq5s
These companies blatantly ignored the law and took advantage our most vulnerable.
 
We’re going to make them face the consequences.
One of the main places where these buses idled was at P.S. K140 in Bed-Stuy. 
 
Over 90% of the students at this school are Black or Latino, and the surrounding community has some of the highest rates of air pollution and childhood asthma in the city and the nation.
We found these buses spent hours idling outside of schools, public housing, and parks mostly located in communities of color.

Vehicle emissions are one of the greatest contributors to air pollution in New York and can cause asthma, cancer, and other serious health conditions.
I'm in Brooklyn to announce a lawsuit against three New York City school bus companies for widespread air pollution in communities of color.
 
These companies violated bus idling laws, emitted dangerous pollutants into the air, and put our children’s health at risk. https://t.co/epk1qeJIPj
Anyone with unopened, unexpired formula should contact your local food bank or child doctor's office to donate. 
 
If you come across price gouging of baby formula, contact my office immediately: 
https://t.co/jdWVCnyNO5
My office is closely monitoring reports of a baby formula shortage impacting families across our nation.
 
We won't hesitate to take action against anyone who price gouges baby formula.
https://t.co/zjY3WmwPC6
Today, a judge ordered Donald Trump to pay my office $110,000 for his refusal to comply with our subpoenas.

Our investigation into Donald Trump and the Trump Organization's financial dealings will continue undeterred.
https://t.co/HAV7cSkc59
It's so important that New York recognizes the severity of this issue.
 
I’ve taken action to protect and expand the fundamental right to access an abortion for New Yorkers and people across the country, and I commend @GovKathyHochul for doing the same. https://t.co/pzvTabjitu
RT @GGENYC: Now that's what we call leadership 👏🏿 Thank you @NewYorkStateAG @votejgr @SenatorCCleare for listening to New Yorkers and clear…
RT @BrooklynDA: A #StatenIsland man has been indicted for stealing over $150,000 through fake cancer charities. I thank @NewYorkStateAG for…
RT @votejgr: Thank you, @NewYorkStateAG for your support of my bill with @SenatorCCleare to create a Reproductive Freedom and Equity Fund.…
Make no mistake: New York will not go back to the dark times when people were unable to control their own bodies or make their own choices.
 
We must ensure that everyone has this basic right and can access the lifesaving care they need and deserve.
This program will provide funding for abortion providers and non-profits to help increase access to care and fund abortions for low-income New Yorkers and the influx of people who already have and will continue to come to our state to seek an abortion if Roe is overturned.
New York must lead the fight to protect the fundamental right to choose.

Today, @SenatorCCleare, @votejgr, and I are announcing legislation to create a new program that will expand abortion access for New Yorkers and people living in other states that ban abortion. https://t.co/0jAmr8iS1p
Whether you're a mom, aunt, grandmother, sister, or any other kind of mother figure, Happy #MothersDay. 
 
Being a mom means all kinds of things, and today we say thank you for all that you do.
Any New Yorker with information about this disgusting act of hate and violence should contact @NYPDnews.

New York will not stand for antisemitism. Period.
https://t.co/G1KsTaUkYn
Today, we took 240 firearms off the streets and out of our homes at our gun buyback event in Syracuse.

I'm grateful to every New Yorker who came out today to help us bring an end to senseless gun violence. https://t.co/JUgSK5GR3Y
As we’ve seen this week, the right to safe, accessible abortions can be taken away in the blink of an eye.
 
New York must always be a safe haven for anyone seeking an abortion: we must amend the state constitution to ensure the right to abortion under the law.
I'm with New Yorkers in Nassau County to fight for abortion rights. 
  
The right to an abortion is fundamental, and New York will always protect it. #BansOffOurBodies https://t.co/o1v2oYWlEi
TODAY: My office is hosting a community gun buyback event with @Syracuse1848 from 10AM-2PM at the St. Lucy's Food Pantry in Syracuse.

No questions will be asked, and no ID is needed. https://t.co/Qv3XMrvrRm
Every day, nurses are on the frontlines of this pandemic.

Every day, nurses are helping those in need of reproductive care.

Every day, we should all be thankful for the heroes and sheroes who put the health of others before themselves. #NationalNursesDay
Join us tomorrow, May 7, from 10AM-2PM for a community gun buyback event with @Syracuse1848 at the St. Lucy's Food Pantry in Syracuse.

No questions will be asked, and no ID is needed. https://t.co/v2T0ltgpcu
Disgusting, hateful acts of antisemitism cannot and will not go unchecked in New York.

Anyone with information should contact @NYPDHateCrimes immediately.
https://t.co/0MZMZwCWBR
Congratulations to @KJP46 on becoming the next @WhiteHouse Press Secretary.

@PressSec is right, representation matters, and @KJP46 is going to be an inspiration to countless. https://t.co/ujRMySz8uM
During this pandemic, @Marriott fired hundreds of employees at its hotel in Times Square and failed to deliver the severance pay these employees were promised.
 
My office is making @Marriott pay these workers over $2.9 million to make things right.
Americans are struggling under the enormous weight of student debt, and we need bold action to end this crisis and give people the relief they deserve.  
  
President Biden must cancel all federal student debt for everyone.
For years, @Intuit cheated millions of Americans by tricking them into paying for @turbotax's tax filing services that should have been free.

Today, we're forcing Intuit to pay $141 million to Americans in all 50 states and Washington D.C. for its illegal actions.
It’s going to take all of us to protect the right to an abortion.

We stand on the frontlines of one of the greatest fights we will ever have.

We will not go backwards. #BansOffOurBodies #RoeVsWade https://t.co/a3S2tLzzvr
Tonight, New Yorkers came together to say get your #BansOffOurBodies.
 
We won't be silent.
 
It's our body, our choice, and we're going to fight to protect the right to an abortion. #RoeVWade https://t.co/V5s1Ul21O4
New York City: It's time to fight back.

Join me, advocacy groups, and other elected officials at 5PM in Foley Square to say #BansOffOurBodies and support abortion rights. #RoeVWade
I fought Mississippi's abortion ban.
 
I fought Texas' abortion ban.
 
I've fought abortion bans in Arizona, Arkansas, Oklahoma, Alabama, and South Carolina.
 
You better believe I'm going to keep fighting to protect the right to an abortion.
We will not go backwards. It’s our body, our choice, and our vote. 

We will continue to do everything in our power to protect the right to an abortion and Congress must act immediately to do the same.
https://t.co/5vXUgDiJlO
Now is the time to fight extreme and dangerous bans on reproductive rights.

We cannot stand for this.
https://t.co/dmgqEQll7O
As the holy month of Ramadan comes to an end, #EidMubarak to everyone celebrating!

I hope you enjoy this #Eid with your family, friends, and community.
This Asian American Pacific Islander Heritage Month, we celebrate #AAPI culture and everything it brings to New York and our nation.

During this pandemic, the #AAPI community has faced unprecedented acts of violence, and we all have a duty to stand together and #StopAsianHate.
Happy #MayDay, New York!
 
Our state has been a leader in the fight for workers' rights, and I’ll always stand with you. #InternationalWorkersDay https://t.co/iqtToSmQ47
Today, we took 60 firearms off our streets at our gun buyback event in Kingston. 

We're committed to ending gun violence across New York. https://t.co/caXmkjrArn
TODAY: My office is hosting a community gun buyback event with the Kingston Police Department and @UlsterCoSheriff from 10AM-2PM at the Andy Murphy Midtown Neighborhood Center in Kingston.

No questions will be asked, and no ID is needed.

⬇️⬇️⬇️ https://t.co/fkW1S3BwdE
当恶劣天气袭来时，我们所有的社区都需要获得紧急警报，以确保他们有机会摆脱危险。 
  
这就是我们呼吁@NWS提供以比英语和西班牙语更多的语言发送警报的原因。 
  
#恶劣天气宣传周
When severe weather hits, all of our communities need access to emergency alerts to ensure they have a chance to get out of danger.

That's why we called on @NWS to send alerts in more languages than just English and Spanish.

#SevereWeatherAwarenessWeek
https://t.co/5MPxpE2q6Q
Earlier this year, I stopped by the Astor Place @Starbucks to talk with the partners of @SBWorkersUnited about their fight for the right to organize.

I'm proud to see them win their union election today. #UnionStrong https://t.co/ngqNvofN1M
My office recovered $175,000 for several employees who had their wages stolen by the Manhattan-based pizzeria, Gotham Pizza, and its owner.

No matter how you slice it, fair pay is not optional.
Postmaster General Louis DeJoy had the opportunity to buy a new fleet of electric @USPS trucks.

Instead, he’s choosing to buy up to 165,000 gas-guzzling trucks that will hurt our planet.

I'm suing to protect our communities and block the @USPS from purchasing these vehicles.
#NeverForget the six million Jews who were murdered.

#NeverForget the hate that impacted countless families across the world.

#NeverForget to say #NeverAgain.

Today, tomorrow, and every day after that, we will always remember. #YomHaShoah #HolocaustRemembranceDay
The court order was clear: Donald Trump is in contempt of court and must pay $10,000 a day until he complies with our subpoenas.

We’ve seen this playbook before, and it has never stopped our investigation of Donald Trump and his organization.

This time is no different. https://t.co/6P0bF03wHm
We're hosting a community gun buyback event with the Kingston Police Department and @UlsterCoSheriff this Saturday, April 30, from 10AM-2PM in Kingston.

No questions will be asked, and no ID is needed.

Join us: https://t.co/Qq7uVGTVsk
My office is suing two Long Island lawyers, Paul Marchese and Robin Maynard, for allegedly stealing over a million dollars that was meant for a charity created by their deceased client. 
  
These lawyers shirked the law and hurt a charitable cause to line their own pockets.
My office fought back against the previous administration's not-so-bright idea to roll back energy efficiency standards for light bulbs.
  
I commend the Biden administration on this new policy that will decrease pollution and lower costs.
https://t.co/pXGngg6pax
A court has ruled that Cushman &amp; Wakefield must comply with our investigation into Donald Trump and the Trump Organization's financial dealings and turn over documents to my office by May 27, 2022.

For the second time today, a judge has ruled that no one is above the law. https://t.co/IGYXeYGRCL
Today, justice prevailed.

Our investigation into Donald Trump and the Trump Organization’s financial dealings will continue undeterred because no one is above the law.
#BREAKING: In a major victory, a court has ruled in our favor to hold Donald Trump in contempt of court.

Donald Trump must pay $10,000 per day for every day that he continues to defy the court's order to turn over documents to my office. https://t.co/AFAPPrnce4
My heart is with the entire @FDNY community after we lost Firefighter Timothy Klein in the line of duty today.

I’m praying for Firefighter Klein’s family and loved ones, and I’m hoping for a full recovery of those injured in this tragic fire in Brooklyn.
https://t.co/o9w3EHyN8L
Brooklyn Borough President @BKBPReynoso fights tirelessly for vulnerable communities, our environment, tenants' rights, and more, and I know he is going to continue to be a leader for all of Brooklyn.

I was proud to speak at your inauguration at Brooklyn Borough Hall today. https://t.co/RhE8o3S8NH
As a community activist, civil rights lawyer, and co-founder of @nycCoRe, @CMShekarK has been a champion for Queens and all of New York City. 
 
Congratulations on your inauguration to the @NYCCouncil! https://t.co/QYGtt6E3kM
I was proud to attend @CMJulieWon's inauguration in Astoria this afternoon.

@CMJulieWon is the first woman and immigrant to serve District 26, one of the first Korean-Americans elected to the @NYCCouncil, and she’s going to fight for her communities day in and day out.
This week, my office began delivering over $197 million to communities across all 62 counties in New York to fight the opioid epidemic. 
 
These funds are going to help our state turn the tide on this crisis and save lives.
https://t.co/T7ohANisLQ
🏞️ Delivered over a million dollars to restore parks in our communities.

🥕Launched an investigation into several baby food manufacturers over highly toxic metals in their baby food products.

And more.
🏘️Stopped landlords from exposing children in our most vulnerable communities to dangerous lead paint.

🚨Demanded the removal of language barriers for severe weather alerts.

☀️Urged the government to protect our workers from extreme heat.
🌎We successfully fought several of the former federal administration's harmful environmental policies.

🌊Held bad actors accountable for polluting our air and water.

⚡️Ensured proper cleanup of a nuclear facility in New York.
We only have one planet.

From day one, my office has taken action to fight climate change and protect our communities from its impacts. #EarthDay
Thank you to the Gambian Youth Organization for inviting me to your iftar and food distribution event this evening in the Bronx. #RamadanMubarak https://t.co/V5BYFFLhca
Our immigrant communities rely on @MoneyGram, one of the largest money transfer providers, to send money overseas, but the company repeatedly left them in the dark about their transactions.

Today, @CFPB and I sued @MoneyGram to end its unfair practices and protect consumers.
With opioid overdoses reaching records highs, this money will fund prevention and treatment programs in all five boroughs to ensure that every New Yorker struggling with addiction gets the help they need.

Thanks to @NYCMayor for being a partner in this fight to help save lives.
These funds are the first round of payments that New York City will receive as part of my office's historic settlements with opioid distributors and manufacturers.

In total, NYC will receive up to $256 million that will go directly into local communities to fight this crisis.
Pharma companies that flooded our communities with opioids are finally paying for the harm and devastation they caused.

I'm with @NYCMayor to deliver $88.9 million dollars to help New York City turn the tide on the opioid epidemic. https://t.co/NmAs59UvEf
RT @NYCMayor: Join me and @NewYorkStateAG James at @BellevueHosp for a major announcement! https://t.co/4Gmu41pH0h
My office has already forced FDR Laundry to pay $400,000 to some of these workers who were unfairly fired, and we got their jobs back. 
  
If FDR doesn't shape up and stop mistreating its workers, we will not hesitate to act.
The hardworking employees of FDR Laundry have been forced to work in dangerous conditions during the pandemic.  
  
Today, I was with them in Hempstead to demand these workers get the safe, fair treatment they deserve. https://t.co/QcT22GAnpp
Congratulations @32BJSEIU on this tentative agreement for a historic contract for residential workers.

After working on the frontlines of this pandemic, these New Yorkers get the fair treatment they deserve. https://t.co/qTG6HTXyuK
As we explore creating new, stronger price gouging rules in New York, we want to hear from you.
 
If you have any experiences with rising prices, submit a comment to my office by April 22, 2022.
 
✉️ stopillegalprofiteering@ag.ny.gov https://t.co/wRvjFSFxrs
We secured these funds after holding distributors and manufacturers of opioids accountable for fueling the opioid epidemic and devastating communities.

With opioid deaths reaching record highs, this will go a long way toward ending this crisis and preventing future devastation.
This week, my office is starting to deliver over $197 million to every county in New York to fight the opioid epidemic and help save lives.

These funds will go directly to local communities for treatment, prevention, and recovery programs.
 https://t.co/i8c69yeolJ
Happy #Easter, New York!

I hope everyone observing this holy day has a great celebration with family and loved ones.
I'm wishing everyone a blessed Good Friday that's full of reflection, compassion, and hope.
Chag Sameach to everyone celebrating #Passover.

Passover is a reminder of the continued strength and resilience of the Jewish people, especially in the face of the greatest challenges.

I hope you have a peaceful holiday with the people you love.
When a crisis forces people out of their homes, communities of color are often hit hardest.

New York can take action to keep people in their homes and protect our communities.

⬇️Read my op-ed with @LISCDeniseScott.
https://t.co/jR8JdxRgIi
This is wrong.

This is oppressive.

This can’t be tolerated.

https://t.co/2WejMPisgn
The residential workers of @32BJSEIU have worked tirelessly on the frontlines of this pandemic, and they deserve a fair contract.
 
I stand with the heroes of @32BJSEIU as they fight for the treatment they deserve. #BuildingStrong https://t.co/JjdQHgFSMe
Thank you for your bravery today, Zack. 

All of New York is grateful. https://t.co/YPcU1EQO7p
Another hateful attack against our Sikh community in Richmond Hill.

Both individuals who were responsible must be brought to justice.

Anyone with information about this should immediately contact @NYPDnews.
https://t.co/og8SpuO7eT
Thank you to the first responders and everyday New Yorkers who immediately acted to help everyone involved.
This is a dark day for New York.

The mass shooting in Brooklyn this morning is heart breaking, and I'm praying for every single New Yorker who was injured and impacted.

I’m urging anyone with any information about what happened this morning to contact @NYPDnews.
RT @NYPDTransit: If you have any information about the incident at the 36th St station in Brooklyn, please contact us immediately. 911 for…
RT @NYPDnews: ADVISORY: Due to an investigation, avoid the area of 36th Street and 4th Avenue area in Brooklyn. Expect emergency vehicles a…
I commend @POTUS for taking these critical steps to crack down on ghost guns and help save lives.

In New York, we have shut down websites that sell ghost guns and taken thousands of guns off our streets, but we need federal action, too. https://t.co/nBdL3vX4t2
The antisemitic, hateful remarks made by an individual at the Rockville Centre board meeting are despicable.
 
New York stands with its Jewish community and all of our communities, and this kind of bigotry won't go unchecked.
Proud to join @MetCouncil and @UnitedJewish's annual #Passover food distribution in Brooklyn.

These organizations work every single day to uplift and support our communities, and all of New York is grateful. https://t.co/69WGiQXBrj
No one is above the law, which is why Cushman &amp; Wakefield cannot defy our lawful subpoena. 
 
We will not be deterred in our efforts to continue this investigation.
We are taking legal action to force Cushman &amp; Wakefield to comply with our investigation into Donald Trump and the Trump Organization's financial dealings. 
 
Cushman has provided real estate services for the Trump Organization that are significant to our investigation.
This is devastating. Yet another shooting in our city, yet another young life taken too soon.

I’m sending my deepest condolences to the family of this young girl and I’m praying for the full recovery of the other two teenagers who were shot.
https://t.co/0h1PvmvS6T
Today, history was made.

As the first Black woman confirmed to the U.S. Supreme Court, Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson is an inspiration to millions, including Black girls who will finally see themselves represented on America’s highest court.
Donald Trump should be fined $10,000 per day for every day that he continues to violate the court’s order to provide these documents to my office.
 
No one is above the law.
My office is filing a motion to hold Donald Trump in contempt of court. 
 
Despite a crystal clear order from the court, Donald Trump has refused to turn over documents as part of our investigation into him and the Trump Organization's financial dealings.
New York won’t stand for this.

The #LGBTQ+ community should never feel threatened in any corner of our state.

I urge anyone with information about the individual who did this to contact @NYPDnews. https://t.co/1tOTp5pRTf
Last week's victory in Florida was a big win in the fight to protect voting rights in our nation.
 
We fought this restrictive, discriminatory law and will continue working to defend the fundamental right to vote.
https://t.co/knn9X1dLjS
It's time for a banking system that doesn't unfairly punish our most vulnerable.
 
@jpmorgan, @Chase, @BankofAmerica, @usbank, and @WellsFargo must do the right thing and eliminate overdraft fees that hurt our communities, especially low-income and communities of color.
The @NFL must do better and take real action to ensure women are treated equally in the workplace.

We will address any allegations of workplace discrimination in New York, including at the @NFL.
Over 30 former employees of the league have reported workplace discrimination, including unwanted touching by male bosses, sexual harassment, targeted retaliation, and being passed over for promotions.
The @NFL has been plagued with reports of widespread gender-based discrimination in the workplace.

For years, the @NFL has promised to address these issues and failed.

The league must take action to fix this.  
https://t.co/ouJ2aLXQ08
This is a shameful, draconian bill that will only take us backwards.

In this nation, access to abortion services is a constitutional right, and we will keep fighting to protect it.
https://t.co/gHLKm4fQ1x
Congress must modernize our antitrust laws to ensure competition remains strong in our nation.

Protecting consumers and their privacy, innovation, and small businesses from Big Tech have to be a top priority. #AntitrustDay
After @NYC_DOI and I found that Lintech Electric stole wages from over 200 @NYCHA construction workers, we're forcing the company to pay back $900,000 to these hardworking New Yorkers.
 
Lintech will also be banned from public works projects in New York for five years.
Assaulting a member of the Sikh community is despicable, and it's an attack on all of us as New Yorkers.
 
If anyone has any information about what happened yesterday, contact @NYPDnews.
https://t.co/k4qBpyXT2d
I was proud to attend @CMLindaLee's historic inauguration to the @NYCCouncil.

Council Member Lee has always been there when New Yorkers needed her. As the first Korean-American elected to the @NYCCouncil, she's going to make her district and all of New York City proud.
Congratulations to Assemblywoman Nikki Lucas on your inauguration to represent New Yorkers in the 60th Assembly District.

East New York is lucky to have an elected official who will spend every day advocating and working on their behalf. https://t.co/hYOTX9g9cS
Council Member @CMRestler has spent his career serving New Yorkers. 
 
He's always shown up for his communities, and I know he's going to keep leading his district in the @NYCCouncil. Congratulations on your inauguration!
My heart is with the Sacramento community and everyone who was impacted by this mass shooting.

Enough is enough, we need action now.
https://t.co/gqNVxsya1y
There aren’t words for tragically losing a child to senseless gun violence.

The individual responsible for this murder must be brought to justice.
https://t.co/uO60EqCnRO
Abhorrent attacks against New York’s Jewish communities cannot and will not be tolerated.

I urge anyone with information to immediately contact @NYPDHateCrimes.
https://t.co/x5kTBPo1vL
Congratulations to @SBWorkersUnited for yet another historic labor victory!

Labor is the backbone of New York, and I will keep standing with you for the rights you deserve. https://t.co/AB3ZyLtP03
Honored to attend @nysut's 50th Annual Representative Assembly in Albany.

For 50 years, the hardworking members of @nysut have been dedicated to improving the quality of education and health care in New York.

You are heroes, and I'll always stand with you. #NYSUTRA https://t.co/jBXEKgpDJq
#RamadanMubarak to all who are observing the holy month of #Ramadan. 
 
Wishing all our Muslim communities a month of reflection, peace, and blessings.
For over a decade, @TheIPT has violated the rights of Muslim communities and denied them the ability to live free of fear and harassment.

We must stand up to Islamophobia and protect Muslim New Yorkers from deplorable and despicable acts of hate, especially as we enter #Ramadan.
The anti-Muslim hate group @TheIPT and its founder Steven Emerson must immediately stop spying on Muslim communities and @TheJusticeDept should launch an investigation into IPT for violating federal criminal and civil rights laws.
Today is a historic day for workers.

Congratulations to @amazonlabor on this important vote to unionize warehouse workers in New York.

The workers united will never be defeated.
Cross Tie Disposal, a Kentucky-based company, and an executive have been indicted for allegedly dumping hazardous railroad material in Chenango County and trying to cover it up.
 
Thanks to @NYSDEC for helping us derail this fraud and stop these bad actors dead in their tracks.
Thank you, Assemblyman @SEichenstein for bringing this important issue to our attention.

No New Yorker should ever be forced to pay more for a service because they are Jewish or any other religion. If you see this, report it to my office:
https://t.co/CQkePbYTbh
Ahead of Passover, New Yorkers should beware of car washes and other businesses raising prices to take advantage of Jewish customers.

Many Jews clean their homes and cars before Passover, and if we see this antisemitic and illegal behavior, we will take swift and serious action.
This #TransDayOfVisibility, I'm thinking about the courage of trans and non-binary communities to be who they are.

From the classroom to the playing field and everywhere else, trans rights are human rights, and I will fight by your side until you get the equality you deserve.
Doctors and health care workers spend every day tirelessly caring for our communities and saving lives.

You were heroes before this pandemic, you will be heroes after this pandemic, and New York is forever grateful for you. #NationalDoctorsDay
Today, lynching has finally become a federal hate crime. 
  
While long overdue, the Emmett Till Antilynching Act is a step toward justice in America, and I commend @POTUS for signing it into law.
Any New Yorker who placed an order with Tandria Faulkner, Prestigious Marketing, Sonjia Posh Boutique, or any representative of these companies should file a complaint with my office: 
  
https://t.co/CQkePbYTbh
In a big victory, a court has ruled that Tandria Faulkner's company, Prestigious Marketing Concepts, must repay every consumer she cheated out of Xboxes and PlayStations.

Faulkner stole hundreds of thousands of dollars from consumers who wanted to buy gifts for the holidays. https://t.co/2UZ6ny984O
The Consumer Credit Fairness Act requires debt collectors to be more transparent and honest with consumers and bans creditors from suing consumers over debt that's older than three years.

If you have issues with abusive debt collectors, contact my office:
https://t.co/CQkePbYTbh
New York’s new regulations to protect consumers from predatory debt collectors will go into effect in April, and we're reminding the largest credit card companies and debt collectors that they must comply with these new laws.

My office stands ready to enforce these policies.
This law is a cruel attack on #LGBTQ+ communities in Florida and across our country.

Our youth should never be ashamed for being who they are, yet that's the exact message Governor DeSantis sent today.
https://t.co/j4eertUPed
I was proud to attend Borough President Gibson's inauguration in the Bronx today.

From the Assembly to the City Council and now Borough President, New Yorkers know that @bronxbp is a great leader. I can't wait to see her continue to fight for her communities.
With @NYCJulieMenin, New Yorkers are getting a Council Member who knows how to get things done.

Day in and day out, Council Member Menin will serve New Yorkers in District 5 and work to improve our city for everyone. https://t.co/0OdpfBlYaI
Congratulations to @A_StevensD16 on your inauguration to the @NYCCouncil!
  
Council Member Stevens will spend her time in the City Council continuing her career's work: giving a voice to the people of District 16 and all New Yorkers.
Our veterans are heroes. They risked their lives for our freedoms, and we will always be thankful for their service.

Today, I attended the United War Veterans Council's wreath-laying ceremony to honor those that served and those we lost in the Vietnam War. #VietnamVeteransDay https://t.co/Nm7xHy2jAL
.@EDNYnews and I secured nearly $7 million from All American Agency and Crown of Life Care, two home health agencies that defrauded our state and cheated home health aides out of their hard-earned wages.

The funds will go back to Medicaid and the workers whose wages were stolen.
Exploiting New Yorkers’ desperate need for affordable housing to steal public funds is despicable, and Leslie Montgomery is answering for her crimes.

Montgomery has been sentenced to prison and will pay back over $4 million that she stole. https://t.co/7T8nTpyvYQ
From holding companies accountable for fueling the opioid crisis and delivering more than a billion dollars for treatment to cracking down on nonprofits that try to cheat New Yorkers:

I will always use the power of this office to foster the recovery of our communities.
Today, I joined @BklynFoundation to deliver $2.2 million to ten community organizations across Brooklyn to fund critical substance treatment programs.

My office recovered these funds after we shut down a fraudulent charity, and now they will be used to help New Yorkers in need. https://t.co/SHjMekLiCH
The Waterfront Commission is critical to keeping our communities safe, and the state of New Jersey can’t simply walk away from it.

We will keep fighting with @GovKathyHochul to protect our waterways and keep the Waterfront Commission intact. https://t.co/bwnTFppYa0
Secretary Albright was a trailblazing diplomat and a champion of democracy and human rights.

As a devoted public servant and the first woman to serve as Secretary of State, she will always be an inspiration to countless.

May she rest in peace.
https://t.co/BlC686wSP9
12 years ago, the #ACA began providing millions of Americans with quality, affordable health care.

People finally had access to reproductive care, preventative care, and coverage for pre-existing conditions.

The ACA has saved lives and we will continue to defend it.
Crypto investors, just like working families and everyone else, must pay taxes.

Use these guides to help properly pay taxes on cryptocurrencies:
 
1⃣ @IRSNews:
 
https://t.co/uCYv8TuWok 
 
2⃣ @NYSTaxDept:
 
https://t.co/RT5uwGvUYK
With this year's tax deadline approaching, a reminder:

You must pay taxes on virtual investments or cryptocurrency.

The law is clear. If you fail to pay taxes on these virtual investments, my office will hold you accountable.
New York is here to help Ukrainians in need.

This Sunday, March 27 at 12PM, @BrooklynDA, @SafeHorizon, and @brooklynlaw are partnering to assist Ukrainians in Brooklyn with Temporary Protected Status (TPS) applications.

Interpreters will be on-site and all services are free⬇️ https://t.co/e1EnQMxmxk
Donald Trump, Donald Trump, Jr., and Ivanka Trump were ordered by a judge to comply with our investigation into Mr. Trump and the Trump Organization’s financial dealings.

Despite their appeal of this order, no one can stop our pursuit of justice, no matter how powerful they are.
These issues contributed to the tragic deaths of nursing home residents and essential workers.

It’s time we do the right and smart thing to protect our communities from future devastation.
In order to keep these workers and residents safe, nursing homes must be required to:

➡️Implement appropriate staff-to-resident ratios.

➡️Invest sufficiently in employee wages and facility operations.
For over two years, the essential workers of @1199SEIU have been on the frontlines of this pandemic caring for some of New York's most vulnerable. 
 
Today, I'm with @1199Prez to again call for stronger workplace protections for our nursing home workers. https://t.co/B7sFDhFMqC
#COVID19 forced many couples to cancel their weddings, but they shouldn’t be left waiting at the altar for refunds.

We secured tens of thousands of dollars for couples who were denied refunds from a country club in the Hudson Valley after canceling their weddings due to COVID.
Born and raised in the Bronx, @CMPiSanchez is committed to supporting immigrant families, fighting for affordable housing, and investing in her communities in District 14.
 
Congratulations on your inauguration to the @NYCCouncil! https://t.co/CZ0mGwwv1M
With voting rights under attack across our nation, we must work to ensure everyone has a voice at the ballot box.

Today, I joined @TheRealLatriceW, @ljoywilliams, and @LurieFavors to talk about the fight to defend voting rights at the Mount Ararat Church in Brooklyn. https://t.co/xLgdS3BbIr
Congratulations @Lynn4NYC on your inauguration to the @NYCCouncil!
 
From her community board to her chamber of commerce, precinct council, and more, Councilmember Schulman has devoted her career to public service, and I know she's going to keep fighting for Central Queens. https://t.co/3HrSwqD10M
RT @ljoywilliams: Just arrived at Mount Ararat in Brooklyn to speak on a panel about #VotingRights for their Women’s History program along…
#نوروزمبارک
نوروز بر همه عزیزانی که سال نو را جشن می گیرند مبارک!

نوروز زمان شروع جدید، سلامتی و تجدید قوا برای تمامی جوامع است.
#Nowruz Mobarak to all who are celebrating the Persian New Year!

#Nowruz is a time to look forward to new beginnings, good health, and rejuvenation for all of our communities.
I'm not going to allow companies to deceive New Yorkers to increase their bottom line.
 
Period.
https://t.co/6VEjK2MwZV
Shirley Goddard has admitted to stealing hundreds of thousands of dollars from a charity she ran, and we're forcing her to pony up.
 
These funds will be returned to the organization and used to help disabled children and adults as they were intended.
https://t.co/kaWrIWhw1Y
I was honored to attend @Suffolk_Sheriff Errol Toulon's inauguration on Long Island today.
 
Sheriff Toulon has spent the past four years faithfully upholding the rule of law, and I know he's going to continue his commitment to justice. https://t.co/4RAkMFtMIX
होली मुबारक हो, न्यूयॉर्क!  

जैसा कि हम वसंत की शुरुआत का स्वागत कर रहे हैं, मैं रंगों के त्योहार को मना रहे सभी लोगों को उनके परिवार और प्रियजनों के साथ शानदार छुट्टी बिताने की शुभकामनाएं देता/ती हूं
Happy #Holi, New York!  
  
As we welcome the start of spring, I'm wishing everyone celebrating the Festival of Colors a wonderful holiday with their family and loved ones.
Lead poisoning is dangerous, and it disproportionately impacts children in low-income communities and communities of color.

I'm proud to partner with @AGKarlRacine and the rest of our coalition to urge the @EPA to take steps to protect our children's health and future. https://t.co/mCWvDQBxam
Happy St. Patrick’s Day, New York! 🇮🇪

After two long years, there’s no better way to celebrate Irish-American heritage than marching in the @StPatsParadeNYC. ☘️ https://t.co/EYnMWrUzlP
Yvonne Graham has dedicated her career to improving communities across Brooklyn and all of New York. 
 
Today, I was honored to celebrate her and all the trailblazing women who have made countless contributions to our great state. https://t.co/lRSJk7tKm5
I’m wishing our Jewish communities here in New York and across the country a very happy and festive Purim.
 
Chag Purim Sameach!
We busted @Fareportal for using deeply deceptive marketing tactics to trick millions of consumers into buying airfare and hotel rooms.

@Fareportal will pay $2.6 million for its greedy behavior and immediately stop misleading consumers.
Most importantly, thank you @harassment_free and other brave advocates for shining a light in the darkest corners and fighting tirelessly to make these critical protections a reality.

These new laws will go a long way towards protecting people from harassment and retaliation.
Sexual harassment is pervasive, corrosive, and has been a silent barrier for women in the workplace for far too long.
 
Thank you @GovKathyHochul and to the bill sponsors for enacting new laws to combat sexual harassment in New York.
I was proud to join @NYSCounties yesterday for its Legislative Conference.

From fighting the opioid crisis to taking on gun violence, and protecting our communities during #COVID19, @NYSCounties is vital to our state. I look forward to continuing to serve New Yorkers together. https://t.co/D5yfPPAvrs
Thank you @NYSComptroller for bringing much needed transparency to this critical issue.

We will continue to monitor nursing homes to ensure the safety of our most vulnerable residents.

Report concerns about nursing home conditions to my office:

https://t.co/L0xCVASYRr
.@NYSComptroller’s audit affirms the findings my office uncovered last year: the former governor and the DOH undercounted the number of nursing home deaths by as much as 50%.
My office recovered $130,000 for two building superintendents who had their wages stolen by a Queens landlord.

In New York, fair pay is not optional.
Equal pay shouldn't be complicated. 
  
Equal pay shouldn't be controversial. 
  
Women shouldn't need to wait a moment longer to be paid equally in any field of work. #EqualPayDay
This hate crime against an Asian woman in Yonkers is horrific, and I'm praying that she makes a full recovery.

There's no place for hateful attacks against members of our communities in New York. #StopAsianHate

https://t.co/EdhzpFHHzS
New Jersey’s attempt to terminate this commission is unlawful, ill-advised, and infringes on our joint efforts to protect our shared waterways.

We will fight to ensure this commission remains intact and our communities benefit from its important work.
.@GovKathyHochul and I are suing the state of New Jersey in the U.S. Supreme Court over its attempt to end the Waterfront Commission, which our states use to protect our waterways.
 
This commission has been critical to cracking down on crime and keeping our communities safe.
If you think you were deceived by Family Energy, contact my office:

https://t.co/CQkePbYTbh
My office has secured over $2 million in refunds for New Yorkers who were tricked by Family Energy into paying more for their gas and electric services.
 
I will not tolerate utility companies stealing from New Yorkers.
It was an honor to attend @CMBrooksPowers' inauguration to the @NYCCouncil.
 
@CMBrooksPowers knows how to serve her communities, and I know she going to make the people of Southeast Queens proud.
Two years ago, Breonna Taylor was killed.

Her life mattered.

Black Lives Matter.
Congratulations to @CMCrystalHudson on your inauguration to be the next @NYCCouncil member for District 35!
 
Crystal has always worked tirelessly to improve her community and support her neighbors, and I know she will keep fighting for New Yorkers. https://t.co/K0ZySJrEGE
Gender-affirming treatment is not child abuse.

This dangerous directive will only harm already vulnerable youth in Texas, and while this order has been temporarily blocked, I will keep doing all I can to fight it.
https://t.co/jqCJIjhPYk
Whether it's stopping labs and testing sites from deceiving New Yorkers about #COVID19 tests, cracking down on illegal price gouging, or deceitful debt collectors, protecting New Yorkers and their wallets is always a priority.
 
#NCPW2022 https://t.co/i11rjNGZUR
Thank you for joining our coalition to fight this dangerous directive and for your leadership in protecting transgender youth and the entire LGBTQ+ community. https://t.co/R82bbjkTe9
Andrew Schnorr has been arrested for allegedly pretending to be an attorney and defrauding New Yorkers in Buffalo out of tens of thousands of dollars in legal fees. 
 
I won't tolerate anyone who tries to line their own pockets at the expense of New Yorkers in need.
We sent a letter with 29 advocacy groups from across the country urging the Department of Justice to investigate.

My office will do all we can to fight back against this discriminatory, dangerous order and protect these vulnerable children in Texas communities.
.@TheJusticeDept should investigate @GovAbbott for violating the civil rights of transgender youth in Texas.

Treating gender-affirming care as child abuse will cause irreparable damage to these children.
Florida's #DontSayGay bill is a shameful attack on our LGBTQ+ communities.
 
We need to create environments that encourage our youth to know they are free to be who they are, not ones that tell them they won't be protected and supported.
https://t.co/BD9tbQFo82
Reminder to gas stations and fuel companies: price gouging is illegal.
 
New Yorkers, report dramatic increases in the price of fuel to my office.  
 
https://t.co/jdWVCnyNO5 https://t.co/AEiaytLwFY
On #InternationalWomensDay,
 
Honor the trailblazers who came before us.
 
Work to break barriers of our own.
 
Keep fighting for a more equal society in our nation and across the world for generations to come.
From Emmett Till to the thousands of others murdered, Americans should have never had to wait for lynching to become a federal hate crime.

This legislation is long overdue. https://t.co/dnYKCZ13eg
This week, we called on the @NWS to expand the languages of its severe weather alerts so all of our communities have a chance to get out of danger.
 
Language should never be a barrier to saving lives.
https://t.co/s46b30bGUj
I was honored to administer @ebottcher's oath to represent District 3 of the @NYCCouncil this afternoon.
 
Erik has dedicated years to fighting for the LGBTQ community and all New Yorkers, and I know he will continue fighting to serve his district day in and day out.
It was great to be in the Rockaways for the 47th Queens County St. Patrick's Day Parade breakfast!

New York City has the most Irish-Americans of any city in this nation, and I'm grateful to be back in person to celebrate Irish-American heritage and St. Patrick's Day. https://t.co/JPFayzbBXX
The #COVID19 Fraud Accountability Act will give my office more tools to hold bad actors accountable and protect New Yorkers from being taken advantage of by #COVID19-related fraud.

I thank @SenatorMyrie and @nily for their work on this important legislation.
Thousands of New Yorkers have been scammed during the pandemic.

From price gouging, to fake cures, to wrongfully being charged for tests and vaccines.

Today, we're in Brooklyn with @SenatorMyrie and @nily to strengthen our hand to stop scammers in their tracks. https://t.co/4fjuKCY4Wx
We're seeking information from experts and advocates to examine this problem and explore creating new, stronger price gouging rules in New York.
 
We will use every tool we have to crack down on corporate greed and protect hardworking New Yorkers.
While New Yorkers are struggling to make ends meet, the cost of goods is rising, and big corporations are seeing record breaking profits. It doesn't add up.
 
We're looking into whether these companies are using the pandemic and inflation to unfairly burden hardworking people.
This is yet another shameful, draconian law meant to take us backward.

We must keep fighting to protect the constitutional access to abortion services in our nation.
https://t.co/nSlQWFM1Om
I’m grateful to this administration for doing everything it can to support Ukraine, including granting TPS to keep Ukrainians currently in America safe. https://t.co/rU3CsUUnH5
If you think you've fallen victim to identity theft, contact the @FTC: 
 
💻 https://t.co/6Fr49XxfU6
 
And file a complaint with my office:
https://t.co/CQkePbYTbh
Last year, @TMobile reported a massive data breach that compromised the personal information of over 53 million people, including more than 4 million New Yorkers.

We're urging New Yorkers who believe they were impacted to take action to protect themselves from identity theft: https://t.co/MC0pBy7Leh
While we’re heartened that the judge dismissed the NRA’s attempts to thwart most of the claims in our case, we are disappointed that the judge ruled against the dissolution portion.

We are considering our legal options with respect to this ruling.
A court has rejected a second attempt by the @NRA and Wayne LaPierre to dismiss my office's lawsuit against the organization.

This decision affirms our long-standing claims that fraud, abuse, and greed permeate through the NRA and its senior leadership.
@PatriciaFahy109 I’m so sorry, Pat.

Sending all of my love and prayers to you and your family.
We're putting over a million dollars back into the pockets of New Yorkers who bought tickets to @WBT_theatre and were denied refunds when shows were canceled due to the pandemic.

While the curtains are closed on this saga, we will continue to protect New Yorkers' wallets.
28 years ago, Ari Halberstam, a 16-year old yeshiva student, was murdered in a terrorist attack on the Brooklyn Bridge. May his memory be a blessing.
 
Antisemitism cannot and will not be tolerated in New York.
আমাদের কমিউনিটির সবাই যাতে গুরুতর আবহাওয়া সম্পর্কে কার্যকরভাবে সতর্ক হয়ে ক্ষতি থেকে বেঁচে থাকতে পারে সেটা নিশ্চিত করতে @NWS-কে অবশ্যই ইংরেজি ও স্পেনিশ ছাড়াও অন্যান্য ভাষায় গুরুতর আবহাওয়া সতর্কতা পাঠাতে হবে।
 
জীবন বাঁচানোর ক্ষেত্রে ভাষা কখনোই বাঁধা হয়ে উঠা উচিত নয়।
গত বছর নিউ ইয়র্ক সিটিতে ঘূর্ণিঝড় আইডার সময় নিউ ইয়র্কবাসীরা @NWS থেকে শুধু ইংরেজি ও স্পেনিশ ভাষায় গুরুতর আবহাওয়া সতর্কতা পেয়েছিলেন।
 
প্রাণ হারানো নিউ ইয়র্কবাসীদের প্রায় প্রত্যেকেরই প্রধান ভাষা ইংরেজি বা স্পেনিশ ছিল না।
@NWS dwe voye alèt meteyo grav li yo nan plis lang pase sèlman angle ak panyòl pou asire tout kominote yo jwenn bonjan alèt konsènan move tan epi gen chans pou yo chape poul yo.
 
Lang pa ta dwe janm yon baryè pou sove lavi.
Lè ouragan Ida te fè dega atravè Vil New York ane pase, Nouyòkè yo te resevwa alèt sou meteyo grav sou tanpèt la nan men @NWS sèlman nan lang angle ak panyòl.
 
Lang prensipal prèske tout Nouyòkè ki te pèdi lavi yo pa te ni angle ni panyòl.
Язык никогда не должен быть препятствием для спасения жизней.
@NWS должна рассылать сигнал тревоги об экстремальных метеоусловиях на многих языках, а не только на английском и испанском для того, чтобы все наше местное население было эффективно предупреждено об экстремальных метеоусловиях и имело возможность избежать опасности.
Когда в прошлом году ураган «Ида» пронесся по Нью-Йорку, жители Нью-Йорка получили сигнал тревоги об экстремальных метеоусловиях от @NWS только на английском и испанском языках.
 
Английский или испанский не был основным языком для большинства из погибших жителей Нью-Йорка.
@NWS 는 심각한 기상 상황에 대한 경고를 영어와 스페인어 뿐만 아니라 기타 다른 언어로도 전하여 전 지역사회가 효과적으로 심각한 기상 사태에 대한 통보를 받을 수 있고 위험을 피할 수 있게 해야 합니다.
 
생명을 지켜야 하는 상황에 언어가 장애가 되어서는 안 됩니다.
지난해 허리케인 아이다가 뉴욕시를 휩쓸었을 때, @NWS 는 뉴욕 시민들에게 심각한 기상 사태에 대한 소식을 영어와 스페인어로만 전했습니다.
 
당시 목숨을 잃은 뉴욕 시민 대부분은 모국어가 영어나 스페인어가 아닌 이들이었습니다.
@NWS 必须以英语和西班牙语以外的更多语言发送恶劣天气警报，以确保所有的社区都能够收到有效的恶劣天气警告，并有机会摆脱危险。
 
语言不应成为拯救生命的障碍。
去年，当飓风艾达席卷纽约市时，纽约人只收到了@NWS 以英语和西班牙语发布风暴恶劣天气警报。
 
几乎所有丧生的纽约人的主要语言都不是英语或西班牙语。
@NWS 必須以除了英語和西班牙語之外的更多種語言發送其惡劣天氣警報，確保我們所有社區都收到有效的惡劣天氣警示，並且有機會遠離危險。
 
語言絕不應該成為拯救生命的障礙。
當颶風艾達在去年席捲紐約市時，紐約人只收到了來自 @NWS 的英語和西班牙語有關風暴的惡劣天氣警報。

所有喪生的紐約人幾乎主要語言都並非英語或西班牙語。
El @NWS debe enviar alertas de clima severo en más idiomas no solo inglés y español para asegurar que todas las comunidades sean alertadas del clima severo efectivamente y puedan salir del peligro.
 
El idioma nunca debe ser una barrera para salvar vidas.
Cuando el huracán Ida destruyó la ciudad de Nueva York el año pasado, los neoyorquinos solo recibieron alertas de clima severo sobre la tormenta del @NWS en inglés y español.

El idioma principal de casi todos los neoyorquinos que perdieron la vida no era el inglés o el español.
The @NWS must send its severe weather alerts in more languages than just English and Spanish to ensure all of our communities are effectively warned of severe weather and have a chance to get out of harm's way.

Language should never be a barrier to saving lives.
When Hurricane Ida tore across New York City last year, New Yorkers only received severe weather alerts about the storm from the @NWS in English and Spanish.

The primary language of nearly every New Yorker who lost their life was not English or Spanish.
While we honor and celebrate women's history, we must keep fighting for a society that's truly equal for women in America. 
  
Like those who came before us, our work is paramount to a future that will make us all proud.
The sheroes who came before us fought tirelessly so future generations of women could live in a more equal society. 
  
They paved the way for the women of our time, and their achievements are felt across our nation every single day. #WomensHistoryMonth
My heart is heavy to learn that we’ve lost GuiYing Ma, and I’m sending my deepest condolences to her husband and entire family.

These hateful acts of violence against our Asian communities must come to an end. #StopAsianHate
I was proud to join @DC9_IUPAT in Queens for the re-opening of its training center.
 
For over 100 years, the members of @DC9_IUPAT have worked tirelessly to improve the infrastructure of our state, and this center will help keep that going for years to come. https://t.co/jelYc5LdHL
Utility companies have a responsibility to ensure their customer’s bills are fair and accurate.

My office will hold them to that standard and protect New Yorker’s wallets.
With thousands of New Yorkers getting sudden, unexplained spikes in their @ConEdison bills, we’re demanding answers.

@ConEdison must provide an explanation and communicate any future rate increases early on so New Yorkers know what to expect.
¡Feliz Día de la Independencia Dominicana, Nueva York! 🇩🇴

Pasé la tarde en Inwood celebrando todo lo que los neoyorquinos dominicanos contribuyen a nuestra ciudad y al estado.
Happy Dominican Independence Day, New York! 🇩🇴

Spent the afternoon in Inwood celebrating everything Dominican New Yorkers contribute to making our city and state a better place. https://t.co/vh5fSiIhXp
Black Americans have helped build this nation, and our contributions can be felt in every corner of our society.
 
As Langston Hughes said, “I, too, sing America.” #BlackHistoryMonth https://t.co/0gLWI1Z48C
Today, I’m thinking of Trayvon Martin and every community that felt the pain of his death ten years ago.

Trayvon’s memory will always be with us as we continue to fight for justice and equity in our nation.
This is a cheap political ploy that comes at the dangerous expense of vulnerable children. 
 
Trans rights are human rights, and we must fight back against these hateful, transphobic policies.
https://t.co/FryVhRLLip
Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson has dedicated her career to serving and upholding the rule of the law, and she will continue to do just that as the first Black woman to serve as a U.S. Supreme Court Justice.

Congratulations on your historic nomination to the Supreme Court.
Donald Trump was ordered to comply with my investigation into his financial dealings. He has the right to seek a delay, but he can't deter us from following the facts.

Make no mistake: We will continue to pursue this case without fear or favor because no one is above the law.
Insurance companies should not be trying to dominate the market during a devastating pandemic.

We will fight to ensure New Yorkers can benefit from competitive healthcare markets and have access to quality, affordable healthcare services.
The proposed merger of @UnitedHealthGrp and @Change_HC will hurt Americans, bringing lower quality healthcare services at a higher cost for New Yorkers and people across the country.

My office is filing a lawsuit with @TheJusticeDept and @AGEllison to block this merger.
Praying for Ukraine and for all of the Ukrainian families here in New York.
Brooks-Church and Gendville unlawfully evicted tenants of 1214 Dean Street in Brooklyn, pushing New Yorkers out of their homes during an unprecedented pandemic.

Mistreating tenants in New York will never be tolerated.
Today, @NYCMayor and I took down two slumlords who were grossly mistreating New York tenants and running illegal short-term rentals.

Gennaro Brooks-Church and Loretta Gendville will surrender their $2 million property and it will be used for affordable housing.
My office recovered these funds from sham charities that defrauded well-intending New Yorkers to line their own pockets.

Stopping fraudsters from taking advantage of New Yorkers will always be a priority.
Today, I'm proud to deliver over $640,000 to five nonprofit organizations that are leading the fight against breast cancer.

These nonprofits are devoted to battling breast cancer and supporting patients and survivors, and these funds will help them continue their important work. https://t.co/PnjnwFK4Tc
This is a major, long-overdue victory for @USWNT and women everywhere. I am proud to see these incredible athletes breaking barriers yet again.
 
All women deserve equal pay for equal work.
https://t.co/lKlV5kaECW
Green National must immediately correct these conditions and maintain full-time security at a building where an elderly tenant was murdered last year, and another tenant was shot last month.

Landlords cannot shirk their responsibilities at the expense of New York families.
Green National has ignored unsanitary and dangerous conditions in its buildings, from human waste and drug paraphernalia to criminal activity, inadequate security, and broken elevators.

No one should have to endure these horrifying conditions at the place they call home.
We're holding Green National accountable for allowing uninhabitable living conditions in its affordable housing properties in Syracuse.
  
New Yorkers have a right to livable, safe homes. https://t.co/VHKLs6PS64
John Lewis was a champion of voting rights, spending his career fighting for free and fair access to the ballot box.

On his birthday, I’m thinking of our collective fight to continue his work and ensure we create a democracy that would make him proud.
Today I stopped by the Astor Place @Starbucks to get a #UnionStrong coffee and talk to the partners of @SBWorkersUnited about their fight for the right to organize.

From New York City to Buffalo and beyond, the partners of @SBWorkersUnited will always have my support. https://t.co/txxeuAdzWJ
Happy #PresidentsDay, New York!

Today we honor the leaders of our nation who have dedicated themselves to upholding our democracy and protecting our right to freedom, liberty, and justice.
My heart is with the family of Elizabeth Howell and the entire @sunypotsdam1816 community feeling the pains of senseless gun violence this weekend.

May she rest in peace.
https://t.co/d4UGg3lNFI
This week, justice prevailed.
 
No one is above the law, no matter how powerful they are.

https://t.co/7LzOmdnN30
Happy Year of the Tiger, New York City!

It was great to be back in Chinatown for the #LunarNewYear Parade to stand together against the hateful attacks on our Asian American communities and for strength, courage, and perseverance in the new year. https://t.co/lGQEzK2sxy
Thousands of New Yorkers are getting refunds after being misled about their #COVID19 test result times.
 
Any testing sites and labs that deceive New Yorkers can expect to hear from my office.
https://t.co/pqdoplaJHm
We're suing Shirley and Tyrone Goddard for stealing $1 million from H.O.M.E., a Syracuse-based charity that helps developmentally disabled individuals.
 
Cheating organizations that work tirelessly to help our most vulnerable won't be tolerated.
Donald Trump, Donald Trump Jr., and Ivanka Trump must all comply with this court order and testify before my office within 21 days.

No one is above the law.
#BREAKING: Today, a court ruled in our favor that Donald Trump must appear before my office as part of our investigation into his financial dealings.

No one will be permitted to stand in the way of the pursuit of justice, no matter how powerful they are.
@petershankman You’re right, we really should have branched out.
The safety of New Yorkers is always our top priority.

If you have found an Apple AirTag that may have been misused in your belongings, contact us:

https://t.co/sLV2owMatv
Keep an eye on your belongings and use these tips from my office:

🔊Listen for unfamiliar beeping 

❗️Watch for “Item Detected Near You” notifications on iPhones

📄Check for updated guidance 

⚙️Update your Apple device’s operating system

⬇️More:

https://t.co/SPevcujFVE
There have been concerning reports of bad actors using Apple AirTags to track people's locations and personal belongings, and we're issuing guidance to help New Yorkers stay safe.

Tracking people without their awareness is a serious crime, and we won't tolerate it.
Companies must follow the law and accurately advertise when New Yorkers can expect their test results.

If you think you have been misled, contact my office:
https://t.co/AnrxKM3prY
We're putting over $400,000 back into the pockets of thousands of New Yorkers who paid for expedited #COVID19 test results and were misled by ClearMD Health and @sameday_testing.

We won't allow #COVID19 testing sites and labs to deceive New Yorkers.
Four years ago, 17 people were murdered in the mass shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida.

Today, I'm thinking of the Parkland community and every community across our country that has felt the pains of senseless gun violence. #MSDStrong
I'm proud to stand with Senator @gillibrandny today to support her legislation to fight human trafficking and aid the victims and survivors of these horrors.

These bills will help us combat this pervasive issue that too often goes unseen. https://t.co/LFw6q6Vp7Z
113 years ago, the @NAACP was created to combat discrimination, lead the way in advancing civil rights, and work toward a more equal and equitable nation.

New York is grateful for everything this historic organization does day in and day out. #BlackHistoryMonth
This year's Super Bowl marks the first major sports event since online gambling became legal in New York.

Use these tips from my office to help avoid falling victim to misleading ads on social media and streaming sites. https://t.co/1tNgtPGnQS
New York: This Super Bowl Sunday, keep the odds in your favor and be aware of deceptive online sports betting companies trying to game your gamble.

Before you place your bet, do your research on the platform you're using and read the fine print of any promotional offers. https://t.co/zpdXIWiKTY
From Buffalo to New York City and Long Island, New York is a union state.

The workers united will never be defeated, and I fully support the partners of @SBWorkersUnited in their continued fight with @WorkersUnitedNY for the fair treatment they deserve. https://t.co/WcBXN7k6tN
My heart is with the Buffalo community tonight after the shooting at McKinley High School.

I’m praying that the student and school security officer who suffered injuries make a full recovery.
New Yorkers are doing their part to get vaccinated, get boosted, and protect their communities.

We're doing our part to protect you too.
https://t.co/6fDcKcfR8E
These antisemitic acts of hate and violence are abhorrent, and we cannot tolerate them in any corner of New York.

I urge anyone with information to contact @NYPDHateCrimes immediately. https://t.co/GmxO6udOlC
RT @UlsterNY: Thanks to @NewYorkStateAG for these resources and information on price gouging and fraud during storm recovery.  https://t.co…
Any New Yorker who was charged an administrative fee for a #COVID19 vaccination should contact my office:

 https://t.co/aOj6tKelsC
We found that 450 New Yorkers were wrongly charged fees when they got their #COVID19 vaccine and we’ve secured thousands of dollars in refunds from pharmacies in Manhattan and Brooklyn.

#COVID19 vaccines are free for all New Yorkers.
Every day, we feel the horrors of gun violence in every corner of our country.

During #GVSurvivorsWeek, we must honor the lives of those we’ve lost and continue our work to stop this violence and protect all of our communities.
Nantasha Williams knows what it's like to fight for her community, and Southeast Queens is lucky to have her as their next Council Member for the 27th District. 
  
Congratulations, @CMNantashaW!
We're in Queens for the Flushing #LunarNewYear parade to celebrate and wish everyone a prosperous, healthy, and happy Year of the Tiger! 
 
I hope this new year brings you strength, courage, and perseverance. https://t.co/ALXOdBaTEW
We know that it can be difficult to tell the difference between toy guns and real, dangerous firearms.
 
This important legislation will help protect our communities from future tragedies in New York. https://t.co/Gql5euFEnf
An Upper Manhattan building was overcharging rent-stabilized tenants for years, and after our investigation, we’re getting these tenants tens of thousands of dollars back in refunds.

I won't allow New Yorkers to be exploited by bad-acting landlords.
Today, I met with @POTUS and other New York leaders to discuss how we can fight the gun violence epidemic in New York.

I look forward to working with this administration to protect our communities and get dangerous firearms off our streets. https://t.co/UWwtQko8N9
Antisemitism will never be tolerated in New York.
 
I urge anyone with information about this individual to contact @NYPDHateCrimes immediately.
https://t.co/QP0UFPqjC4
One year ago, Brooklyn’s 227 Abolitionist Place became a historic landmark.

We fought to protect this site so this important piece of Black history in New York is never lost. #BlackHistoryMonth
https://t.co/AnxtCMCWzN
My office is filing a lawsuit against @SafeguardMetals with a coalition of 26 AGs and the @CFTC for defrauding seniors out of nearly $68 million in sham precious metal investments. 
  
We won't allow fraudsters to take advantage of New Yorkers.
Black history is American history.
 
From the Greensboro Four's sit-in against segregation at the lunch counter on February 1, 1960, to our fight against the attacks on voting rights today, Black history has and will continue to help shape this nation.
Celebrate the achievements of Black Americans who came before us.

Uplift Black Americans of our time who are breaking barriers of their own.

Keep working toward a more just and equal society for the future generations of trailblazers.

#BlackHistoryMonth
새해 설날을 맞이하며 호랑이의 해에 복 많이 받으십시오. 희망찬 새해에 건강과 행복이 가득하길 빌겠습니다. 

용기, 인내, 그리고 강인함을 뜻하는 호랑이의 해에 풍요로움과 행운이 여러분의 가정에 깃들길 바라겠습니다.
Nhân dịp tết Nhâm Dần, xin chúc tất cả mọi người một năm mới nhiều sức khỏe và hạnh phúc. 
  
Tôi hy vọng năm con hổ, là tượng trưng cho dũng cảm, sự kiên trì và sức mạnh, sẽ mang lại cho các bạn thịnh vượng và tài lộc.
在我们开始庆祝虎年的同时, 我想祝你们新年快乐, 身体健康, 恭喜發财, 如虎添翼。 
  
老虎代表着力量, 勇气, 和韧性。我希望虎年会带给你们繁荣和好运。
As we kick off the #LunarNewYear and welcome the year of the tiger, I wish all who are celebrating a healthy and happy year ahead. 
  
I hope the year of the tiger, which represents courage, perseverance, and strength, brings you prosperity and good fortune. https://t.co/CxXI2MGXvC
A court has ruled that New York's mask mandate may stay in place as my office's appeal in court continues.
 
We will always do everything in our power to protect New Yorkers during the #COVID19 pandemic.
Raphael Toledano has been banned from any real estate activity for at least five years after he violated an agreement with my office and continued to take advantage of tenants in New York City.

I will always hold greedy landlords accountable for putting profits over tenants. https://t.co/kmf2y2Me3n
New Yorkers need timely #COVID19 test results to protect themselves and our communities.

We're doing our part to make sure testing sites don't drop the ball.

https://t.co/fFFMBEwWJj
Frivolous lawsuits and baseless attacks by Donald Trump aren't going to stop us from continuing our legal investigation.

No one is above the law.
https://t.co/HAQEGWlwDk
A year ago, we released a report that showed the former administration undercounted nursing home deaths and that their policies likely led to even more deaths.

This report spurred critical action, but we must do more to protect New Yorkers from #COVID19.
https://t.co/4xLI5i8S3b
New Yorkers should keep reporting testing sites that are giving inaccurate turnaround times on #COVID19 test results to my office:  
 
https://t.co/AnrxKM3prY
We're demanding that PacGenomics stop misrepresenting turnaround times of #COVID19 test results. 
 
Giving New Yorkers accurate test result times isn't optional, and any testing site that fails to do so is going to hear from my office.
Last year, over 50 million U.S. workers were employed in jobs that put them at risk to extreme heat, and the threat of climate change is going to make that number grow even larger.
 
The safety of workers in New York and across the U.S. must be a priority.
Extreme heat is the nation's leading weather-related cause of death, yet workers have no federal protections to keep them safe in this dangerous weather.

@OSHA_DOL must create rules to limit how long workers are in the heat and prevent avoidable tragedies.
Today, we remember the millions of Jews who were murdered and the countless families that were forever changed.

We honor their lives, their stories, and continue our promise to #NeverForget.

#HolocaustRemembranceDay #NeverAgain
This decision is a major victory that affirms our right to investigate @WINRED over concerns it used deceptive business practices.
 
No company has the right to use politics as an excuse for misleading consumers.
https://t.co/tgSqJ5CRGd
Over the past three years, the Trump Organization and its principles have never challenged the legality of our investigation, until now, when Donald Trump was subpoenaed to testify.

This lawsuit is nothing but a meritless attack to evade accountability.
We filed a motion to dismiss Donald Trump's baseless efforts to stop our ongoing lawful investigation into his and the Trump Organization’s financial dealings.

We will not be deterred by frivolous lawsuits and will continue to follow the facts because no one is above the law. https://t.co/jPJA1ze0UJ
For decades, Justice Stephen Breyer has dedicated his career to honoring democracy and the rule of law.

Thank you for your remarkable service to the Supreme Court and our country.
A judge has granted our motion to keep New York's mask mandate in place while our appeal process continues.
 
Protecting the health of New Yorkers during the #COVID19 pandemic is our top priority. https://t.co/MVwlzzNPlQ
NYPD Officer Wilbert Mora was a hero to the end. He dedicated himself to serving and protecting the people of New York City, and I'm praying for his family and the entire NYPD community.

New York will never forget officers Jason Rivera and Wilbert Mora. May they rest in peace. https://t.co/NaXN7PsekM
We’re appealing last night’s decision that struck down the mask mandate in New York.

We will continue to do everything in our power to protect New Yorkers from #COVID19.
Let's go Bills! 

I've got my sweet potato ready. #BillsMafia https://t.co/jypCdoJgCM
49 years ago, the historic decision in Roe v. Wade gave individuals across our entire nation a constitutional right to access abortion services.
 
Today, tomorrow, and for every day after that, I won't stop fighting to defend this right and protect us from moving backward.
All of New York is in mourning over the death of NYPD officer Jason Rivera. We pray for his family and for Officer Wilbert Mora, who was also injured last night.
We indicted Port Authority Police Officer Telly Simmonds for creating false police reports to cover up an inappropriate relationship with an at-risk young woman.

Simmonds was trusted with protecting her from exploitation. Instead, he exploited her. 
https://t.co/AtsXilb4pu
@LiuNewYork @umasianalliance 马耀泮是我们纽约社区的一员。他是一位丈夫, 一位父亲, 一位厨师, 和一位纽约人。

我们作为一个社区聚集在一起来纪念他的生命, 哀悼他的离去, 并直面将他从我们身边夺走并继续撕裂我们的仇恨和种族主义。
Yao Pan Ma was one of us — a husband, a father, a chef, and a New Yorker.

We gather as a community to honor his life, mourn his loss, and to confront the hatred, racism, and brutality that took him from us and continues to tear us apart. https://t.co/rRnGdWwhmT
As communities across New York are still struggling with the opioid crisis, the new @BridgeBack2Life mobile opioid treatment unit will bring much needed care to Sullivan County. 

This unit will be critical in rural areas where treatment isn't accessible and it will save lives. https://t.co/dpN6hsVOzM
RT @UlsterNY: We had the privilege of hosting @NewYorkStateAG Letitia James. AG James came to hear and learn about the success that UC has…
Sales reps went door-to-door, pretending to work for local utilities and offering false promises of savings to lure customers. Reps even enrolled people without their consent. 

With this lawsuit, we’re turning off Major Energy’s deceptive practices and protecting New Yorkers.
We're suing @MajorEnergy for overcharging and misleading its customers with false advertisements.
 
Major Energy falsely promised significant savings to New Yorkers, but customers ended up paying millions more for their services than they would have paid to local utilities.
We will not be deterred in our efforts to continue this investigation, uncover the facts, and pursue justice, no matter how many roadblocks Mr. Trump and his family throw in our way.  
 
No one is above the law.
Donald Trump, Donald Trump, Jr., and Ivanka Trump have all been closely involved in the transactions in question, so we won’t tolerate their attempts to evade testifying in this investigation.
We have uncovered significant evidence indicating that the Trump Organization used fraudulent and misleading asset valuations on multiple properties to obtain economic benefits, including loans, insurance coverage, and tax deductions for years.
We are taking legal action to force Donald Trump, Donald Trump, Jr., and Ivanka Trump to comply with our investigation into the Trump Organization’s financial dealings.

No one in this country can pick and choose if and how the law applies to them.
Our words cannot restore Michelle, but our actions can honor her. 

We must confront racism wherever we find it. We must do more and better to address the chronic conditions that are plaguing our city. 

Let us walk in Michelle’s footsteps to make New York better for all.
Michelle Alyssa Go represented the best of our city: She came here to make New York a better place. 

Tonight, we come together as a family, a community, and a city in mourning for a life that was tragically taken and for the hate that is tearing us apart. https://t.co/6O6mhjJcNE
RT @NYCSpeakerAdams: Thank you Rev. Dr. Charles Curtis and the Baptist Ministers Conference of Greater New York and Vicinity for welcoming…
America has marched a long road, and we still have a long road ahead.

In the spirit of Dr. King, let us use our energy, our skill, and our determination to ensure that someday we will get to the promised land together. #MLKDay2022
In his honor, we must do all we can to protect our most basic democratic right to vote. 

We must pass the Freedom to Vote Act and the John Lewis Voting Rights Advancement Act to ensure that our elections are fair, our ballot boxes accessible, and that all Americans are heard.
We are still struggling with the pandemic. 
We are still fighting for social justice. 
We are still watching efforts to deny sacred rights, like the right to vote, from too many Americans.

But at our best we are fighting on and continuing MLK's work and legacy.
Today, I am thinking about the words Dr. King spoke on his last full day of life. 

On that evening in Memphis in 1968, Dr. King told us that we would someday get to the “promised land.”

After the year we just had, the promised land can seem further and further away.
The attack that occurred this morning in Times Square was a horrific act of hate against our Asian communities and our entire city. These acts of hate will never be tolerated. 

I pray for the victim's family and loved ones.
Rooting for a @BuffaloBills win tonight! Not even the cold can stop @JoshAllenQB. #BillsMafia https://t.co/C3P2sxqQvx
Shkreli will now pay $64 million and will be banned from the pharmaceutical industry for life. 
 
New Yorkers can trust that my office will do everything possible to hold the powerful accountable, in addition to fighting to protect their health and their wallets
#BREAKING: Martin Shkreli is a 'Pharma Bro' no more. A court found that the former Vyera Pharma CEO illegally monopolized the market of the life-saving drug Daraprim.
 
The powerful don’t get to make their own rules, despite Shkreli thinking cash rules everything around him.
After years of tricking students into significant debt, we’re forcing @Navient to cancel $1.7 billion in student debt and pay $95 million to thousands of students in New York and across the country who were preyed upon. 

This predatory behavior will not be tolerated.
Throughout her career, Justice Shirley Troutman has been dedicated to the pursuit of justice. 

Her confirmation to the state’s highest court will continue our commitment to a fairer, more just New York.
.@POTUS is right – now is the time to do away with any obstacle that infringes on our sacred right to vote. https://t.co/d6dcp1YVBy
RT @AGKarlRacine: It’s fitting @POTUS is in Georgia, a battleground for voting rights, and in the late, great Rep. John Lewis' district.

@…
@digitalhen Please report this to my office: 

https://t.co/sMhytwPDDB
RT @POTUS: History has never been kind to those who have sided with voter suppression over voting rights. And it will not be kind to those…
En tiempos de tragedia, ofrecemos dinero y recursos a los necesitados, pero con frecuencia hay gente que se aprovechan de esa amabilidad.

Cuando vaya apoyar a los afectados por el incendio del Bronx, tenga cuidado con las organizaciones falsas y use estos consejos al donar: https://t.co/8F0uhEfuyV
In moments of tragedy, New Yorkers are quick to offer time, money, and resources to those in need, but too often people take advantage of that kindness.

As we look to support those impacted by the Bronx fire, beware of sham charities and use these tips when giving: https://t.co/8In3IJMnxv
有关房主援助基金的信息或申请资金, 请上网去:

https://t.co/XF6yT2SEYu
申请房主援助基金是免费的, 但是没有人能保证你一定会申请到房主援助基金. 如果您认为自己是诈骗的受害者, 请联系我的办公室:

https://t.co/RiP5uVlew4
房主援助基金现在可用于帮助在新冠病毒大流行期间陷入财务困境的纽约居民.

如果您正在申请房主援助基金, 请使用以下提示确保您不会被骗: https://t.co/Xc2H3PegD5
Para obtener más información sobre HAF o para solicitar estos fondos, visite:

https://t.co/XF6yT2SEYu
Solicitar HAF es gratis y ninguna entidad puede garantizarle los fondos de HAF. Si cree que ha sido víctima de una estafa de HAF, comuníquese con mi oficina:

https://t.co/RiP5uVlew4
El Fondo de asistencia para propietarios de viviendas ahora está disponible para ayudar a los neoyorquinos que han tenido problemas financieros durante esta pandemia.

Si está solicitando este apoyo crítico, use estos consejos para asegurarse de que no lo estafen: https://t.co/yGLdF5WQiJ
To get more information about HAF or to apply for these funds, visit: 

https://t.co/XF6yT2SEYu
Applying for HAF is free, and beware of anyone trying to guarantee that you will receive HAF funds. 

If you believe you have been a victim of a HAF scam, please contact my office: 

https://t.co/RiP5uVlew4
The Homeowner Assistance Fund is now available to help New Yorkers who have struggled financially during this pandemic. 

If you're applying for this critical support, use these tips to ensure you aren't being scammed: https://t.co/u7jCvWoPDd
Horrific tragedy in the Bronx today. I'm praying for all those who were killed and all the families who were impacted. 

Thank you to the @FDNY for your courageous and tireless work. My heart is with all the communities in the Bronx tonight.
New York: winter weather is expected to cause dangerous travel in portions of the state overnight and tomorrow.

Follow your local weather guidance, avoid travel if possible, and most of all, stay safe.
Anyone who thinks they have been wrongfully billed for #COVID19 testing by @carecubemedical should contact my office:

https://t.co/aOj6tKelsC
We're investigating @carecubemedical after getting reports that the company is wrongfully billing New Yorkers for rapid and PCR #COVID19 tests.

Whether it's price gouging, wrongful billing, or misleading test result times, I won't allow any New Yorker to be taken advantage of.
The attack on January 6, 2021 was an attempt to diminish, subvert, and destroy our Constitution and democracy.

For the sake of our nation, we cannot be idle spectators: all those responsible must be held accountable.

Read my call to action:
https://t.co/c0e6SGq8do
Concerted efforts to undermine the democratic foundation of our country must be stopped.

Our Constitution has stood strong for over two centuries, and it will continue to do so today, tomorrow, and the day after that.
Every person involved in this attack must be brought to justice, and our leaders in Congress must urgently pass strong laws that protect the right to vote and prevent any future president from trying to overturn a legitimate election.
A year ago, we all watched in horror as the U.S. Capitol was under attack and an angry mob tried to overturn the results of a lawful election.

As we remember this dark day, we must commit to taking measures to ensure an assault on our democracy never happens again.
For years, @CMAdrienneAdams has fought on behalf of New Yorkers in Queens and across our entire city. I know she will keep leading the way for all of our communities as the next @NYCCouncil Speaker.

Congratulations on making history today, Madame Speaker!
We’re providing companies with steps they can take to combat these hacks and ensure the personal information of New Yorkers and other customers remain safe.

We will do everything we can to protect consumers and their privacy.
https://t.co/AFe7THbx2G
Over 1.1 million personal accounts had been compromised in credential stuffing attacks at 17 well-known 🛍️ online retailers, 🍟 restaurant chains, and 🍕 food delivery services.

To protect against these attacks, we alerted these companies and issued guidance to businesses.
"Credential stuffing" is a growing type of cyberattack that steals people’s usernames and passwords to gain access to online accounts and personal information.

To protect consumers from this threat, we launched an investigation to find out who was at risk. Here's what we found⬇
Councilwoman @dorothylgoosby has served on the Town of Hempstead Council for twenty years, leading the way to improve the lives of Long Islanders in Nassau County every day. 
  
I'm honored to administer her oath this morning as she continues her trailblazing career. https://t.co/WfLquIztJm
We're seeing tens of thousands of new #COVID19 cases every day, and it’s critical that New Yorkers have the information they need to protect themselves and others.

Report these problems to my office: 
https://t.co/AnrxKM3prY
We're cracking down on two more companies, EZ Test NY and Keep Health Safe, for misleading New Yorkers about turnaround times for #COVID19 test results.

They must immediately stop their false advertising and give realistic timelines to those still waiting for results.
Donald Trump, Donald Trump Jr., and Ivanka Trump are trying to stop my office from interviewing them under oath as part of our investigation into the Trump Organization and Mr. Trump.

Over two years of delay tactics won't stop our investigation because no one is above the law.
After using deceptive business practices to cheat New Yorkers who were trying to invest their life savings, we're forcing @LearCapital to pay $6 million and stop its illegal scheme.

We will always protect New Yorkers from being taken advantage of by greedy actors. https://t.co/mdEc5WR1DV
Our victory against @TevaUSA is yet another big step toward ensuring those responsible for fueling the opioid crisis are held accountable.

We will continue to do everything we can to bring an end to the opioid epidemic and prevent any future devastation.
https://t.co/IZT5P5jdIr
Happy New Year, New York!
 
While this past year brought its challenges, it also brought us hope, progress, and strength.
 
As we go into 2022, here's to a new year full of health, opportunity, and a better future for every New Yorker.
Thank you for allowing me to serve as your Attorney General of this great state.

Going into 2022, our work to defend the rights of New Yorkers continues.
➡️Sued @LibrebyNexus for preying on our immigrant communities

➡️Took several legal actions to hold landlords accountable for violating lead paint laws and putting our children in harm's way
  
➡️Defended tenants from illegal housing schemes and discriminatory practices
✅Took action against companies misleading New Yorkers about #COVID19 test results times

✅Stopped bad actors from price gouging #COVID19 at-home tests and other essential goods

✅Filed a lawsuit against @Amazon for mistreating and endangering its workers during this pandemic
➡️Took nearly 2,700 guns off our streets from community gun buyback events and other actions 
 
➡️Went to the Supreme Court to defend New York's gun licensing law that protects local communities 
 
➡️Took down dangerous drug trafficking rings across the entire state
✅Sued the NYPD over its pattern of repeatedly violating the rights of New Yorkers

✅Fought against individuals committing hate crimes across our state

✅Protected New Yorkers from sexual harassment, including employees of Chef Mario Batali and Joseph Bastianich
➡️Won the bankruptcy trial against the @NRA that stopped its fraudulent attempt to move to Texas and avoid accountability

➡️Upheld the #ACA and defended access to affordable health coverage for tens of millions of Americans

➡️Took action to protect the fundamental right to vote
✅Defended the constitutional right to access abortion services in New York and across the U.S.

✅Successfully called on the FDA to make medication abortion fully accessible via telehealth and mail

✅Scored a major court victory to protect equal rights for the LGBTQ+ community
➡️Held several manufacturers and distributors of opioids accountable for fueling the opioid crisis

➡️Brought up to $1.5 billion to New York to help end this epidemic and save lives

➡️Won a major trial against opioid manufacturer @TevaUSA &amp; others for the devastation they caused
As we close the door on 2021, it's been my honor to continue serving and protecting the rights of every New Yorker.

Here's a look at some of our biggest highlights over the past year:
With this victory, my office will immediately push to move forward with a trial to determine how much @TevaUSA and others will pay for the devastation they caused.

I will do everything I can to end the opioid epidemic in New York.
In 2019, I made a promise to hold opioid manufacturers and distributors accountable for wreaking havoc on our communities, and one by one, we've done just that.

We have secured up to $1.5 billion in funds for New York that will be used to fight the opioid crisis.
#BREAKING: A jury has found opioid manufacturer @TevaUSA and others responsible for the destruction they caused Americans by fueling the opioid crisis. 
  
This ruling in our trial is a victory for every family and community torn apart by opioids.
These schemes violated tenants' rights and also threatened students with thousands of dollars in debt.

We will always fight to hold predatory landlords accountable and protect our students.
Monarch's scheme involved:

1⃣ Coaxing students into signing leases for housing

2⃣ Denying students access to that very housing

3⃣ Demanding students pay thousands of dollars in rent for housing they were denied

4⃣ Referring students to debt collectors for not paying this rent
Monarch 716, a student housing complex, preyed on students at @buffalostate through an illegal housing scheme, and my office is making them pay.

We're canceling over $200,000 in illegal housing debt and recouping tens of thousands for students who were deceived and threatened.
It is essential that any employee who is exhibiting any symptom of #COVID19 and tests positive not be pressured by New York employers to return to the workplace before those symptoms subside.

We must continue to act carefully to protect the health of every New Yorker. https://t.co/ptX4187G52
In the days after, I went to Monsey and visited Rabbi Rottenberg to offer my condolences, support, and commitment to tackle antisemitism of any kind.

This wasn’t just an attack on the Jewish community, it was an attack on all New Yorkers. We must all stand together against hate. https://t.co/jn8Rr3cmoV
Two years ago, Rabbi Josef Neumann was murdered during a Hanukkah celebration in Monsey.

This act of antisemitism and pure horror against the Jewish community will never be forgotten.
@benkochman Please report this to my office:

https://t.co/jdWVCnyNO5
We will continue to ensure companies are being truthful about #COVID19 test result times so New Yorkers can protect themselves and our communities.

If you believe you have been deceived, contact my office:

https://t.co/AnrxKM3prY
My office issued a warning to @ClearMDHealth to stop misrepresenting its turnaround times for #COVID19 test results and demanded that it refund New Yorkers who paid for expedited results.

We are not going to tolerate false promises that deceive New Yorkers.
I'm challenging Arizona's unconstitutional abortion ban with a coalition of 22 attorneys general.
 
Whether it's Arizona, Texas, Mississippi, or any other state, I'm going to defend the constitutional right to access an abortion in our country.
@coreykilgannon Please report this to my office:

https://t.co/jdWVCnyNO5
Archbishop Tutu was a man who moved mountains. His commitment to making the world a better and more compassionate place transcended time, race, religion, and people. 

His legacy and his impact will be forever felt across countries and generations. May he rest in peace and power.
Today marks the first day of Kwanzaa, a time to recognize and honor all the beautiful traditions, culture, and history of African Americans that are integral to our nation's story and success.

To all those celebrating this meaningful holiday, I wish you a Happy Kwanzaa.
Merry Christmas, New York!
 
Despite the challenges we're facing, I hope you're able to celebrate in a safe and meaningful way.
 
To all those who are foregoing plans with family and friends to protect themselves and others, thank you for being responsible and careful.
@sameday_testing This is the third company we have warned this week to stop misleading people about turnaround times for COVID test results.
 
If this has happened to you, please report it to my office:

https://t.co/CQkePbYTbh
We issued a warning to @sameday_testing to stop misrepresenting turnaround times for expedited #COVID19 test results and to issue refunds to anyone  who paid for expedited test results but did not receive them in the promised timeframe.
 
There is no excuse to trick consumers.
New York: If you encounter price gouging of at-home #COVID19 tests and other essential goods, report it to my office:

https://t.co/jdWVCnyNO5
These are simple rights like sitting instead of standing, taking more regular breaks, and temporarily avoiding activities like heavy lifting.

There is no reason an expecting parent should have to choose between maintaining their job and a safe pregnancy.
Our federal laws don't do enough to protect pregnant workers, especially for low-income and people of color.

The U.S. Senate must pass the Pregnant Workers Fairness Act to give pregnant workers the reasonable accommodations they deserve without the fear of losing their jobs.
@ottogrl @TishJames @a2zDX @toplab_direct Please report this to my office:

https://t.co/AnrxKM3prY
This alleged crime grossly violated one of our most vulnerable in what should be a safe, caring space.

We will go after anyone who commits such heinous acts and hold them accountable to the fullest extent of the law.
Khadka Pradhan, a former worker at the Shore Winds Nursing Home in Rochester, has been indicted for allegedly raping an 81-year-old resident of the home who had dementia. 
  
These charges are as horrific and disturbing as they come.
Once again, another lab is giving New Yorkers false turnaround times for #COVID19 test results, and my office is taking action.

We’re demanding Labworq give realistic turnaround times so New Yorkers can protect themselves and their communities.
RT @JeffreyDinowitz: Price gouging is against the law in New York, and I support the NYS AG using any and all appropriate recourse to comba…
This funding is the result of legal action we took with @NYSDEC against the Tonawanda Coke Corporation for releasing hazardous waste into our air and ground for years. 
  
Protecting our environment and communities is always a top priority.
I'm proud to announce over $900,000 will be awarded to 14 environmental restoration projects in Tonawanda to help revive the environment and community.
  
These grant funds will be used for 🏞 parks, 🌳 tree plantings, 🎒environmental education, 🌻 community gardens, and more.
@themaxburns @yuhline @HealthNYGov @NYCMayor @TishJames Please report this to my office:

https://t.co/jdWVCnyNO5
@kevinnadal Please report this to my office:

https://t.co/AnrxKM3prY
We’ve stopped Shake A Paw from mistreating dogs and cheating families.

A court order banned the Long Island pet stores from buying new puppies altogether, froze their bank accounts, and will require that dogs be examined by an independent vet to ensure their health and safety. https://t.co/DI9wNVDglx
Any New Yorker who comes across price gouging of at-home #COVID19 tests and other essential goods should immediately report it to my office. 
  
⬇️⬇️⬇️ 
  
https://t.co/jdWVCnyNO5
Last year, Tandria Faulkner and her companies sold PlayStations and Xboxes she didn't actually have, cheating and stealing the money of New Yorkers who were trying to purchase the items for Christmas gifts.

Today, we sued Faulkner to stop this grinch from ruining more holidays. https://t.co/Gmcy8NEoqX
If you think you've been given false information about turnaround times for #COVID19 test results, contact my office:

1-800-771-7755
It's absurd that anyone should have to wait that long for a test result.

New Yorkers need quick and accurate information to protect themselves and the health of others.
We're demanding Brooklyn-based @LabQ247 stop giving false information about turnaround times on #COVID19 tests.

@LabQ247 has dozens of testing sites across New York City, and despite advertising a 48-hour turnaround time, some New Yorkers have waited over 96 hours for results.
The Trump Organization has continually sought to delay our investigation into its business dealings, and this lawsuit is yet another attack.
 
Mr. Trump doesn’t get to dictate this investigation. We will continue undeterred because no one is above the law.
My office is going to defend this law and do everything we can to protect common-sense measures that save lives.

Period.
https://t.co/vXUXsPIGT7
@misstessowen Please report this to my office:

https://t.co/jdWVCnyNO5
As #COVID19 cases continue to rise in our state, New Yorkers should be vigilant against price gouging.

If you see price gouging, please report it to my office:
https://t.co/jdWVCnyNO5
@Pervaizistan Please report this to my office:

https://t.co/jdWVCnyNO5
No New Yorker should be excluded or turned away from a business because of their sexual orientation or gender identity.
 
I'll always fight to ensure New York remains a state where everyone is treated equally under the law.
https://t.co/Nwacx9Sfqm
RT @glaad: “The LGBTQ+ community is an integral part of New York, and no New Yorker should be excluded or turned away from a business or de…
The courts will now decide if our settlement will be confirmed, but make no mistake, we will hold Purdue Pharma and the Sackler family accountable one way or another.

We will get justice for the American people.
For over two decades, Purdue Pharma and the Sacklers dealt in death and destruction, pushing opioids on the American people.
 
The settlement we negotiated earlier this year would ban Purdue Pharma from the opioid industry and guarantee up to $4.5 billion in payments.
With reproductive rights under attack across our nation, this is a major step to protect access to abortion services.

During this pandemic, we have fought for access to abortion pills by mail and will keep fighting to defend this basic right.
https://t.co/aH557FVxLS
In a major victory, a judge has dismissed a lawsuit brought by an Elmira wedding photographer who refused to photograph same-sex marriages. 
 
My office will always fight to ensure that every New Yorker is treated equally under the law across our entire state.
Our lawsuit seeks to ban Shake A Paw from selling puppies ever again and to refund customers for this company’s illegal and inhumane conduct.

I'm not going to let anyone get away with mistreating animals or taking advantage of New Yorkers.
Shake A Paw ignored and covered up health issues with the puppies it sold, leaving some to die within days of arriving at their new homes and others with significant medical issues.

Families looking for their new best friends were left with large vet bills and broken hearts.
For years, Shake A Paw has sold sick and injured puppies to unsuspecting families on Long Island and across the Tri-State area.

We’re suing Shake A Paw for lying about the health of its puppies, fabricating their health certificates, and refusing refunds to those they deceived. https://t.co/KO60ipjXNz
Once again, the gun lobby is trying to exert total control over this country and thwart common-sense efforts to protect lives.

Make no mistake: We will aggressively defend this law and won’t back down against their continued attempts to endanger New Yorkers. https://t.co/URECnHeFwH
Texas is leading an attack to end DACA and the protections it could give new Dreamers across our nation.
 
We successfully defended DACA at the Supreme Court and we’re taking action again to uphold this critical program and ensure all Dreamers are #HereToStay.
These disgusting acts of antisemitic bigotry will not be tolerated in New York, period.
 
I urge anyone with information about this individual to contact @NYPDHateCrimes immediately.
https://t.co/3j7cHNCRiF
I’m proud to see my colleague @AGKarlRacine lead the way to hold those who attacked our nation’s Capitol responsible. https://t.co/GOnZyztIQf
Home care workers are essential workers. They have put their lives on the line to care for our loved ones, and they deserve fair pay.

I'm proud to stand with @CaringMajority and so many others to say we must pass #FairPay4HomeCare in New York. https://t.co/LXBcygVGe6
9 years ago, the mass shooting at #SandyHook Elementary School took the lives of twenty children and six educators.

We honor their lives today and every day and continue working to end senseless gun violence across our nation. #NeverForget
My office has now recovered up to $1.7 billion for communities across New York to fight the opioid crisis.
 
I made a commitment to hold these companies responsible for the pain and destruction they caused, and I will keep fighting for justice.

https://t.co/MD0Urxr0xe
As a graduate of @CUNY, I'm proud to stand with @PSC_CUNY in Queens today to support a #NewDeal4CUNY.

CUNY provides educational opportunities to so many who might otherwise be without, and we must do all we can to continue supporting this system, its faculty, and our students. https://t.co/6T6aMtDNnK
We won’t be deterred in our efforts to hold the @NRA accountable for its fraud and abuse.

That’s why we were in court today, to fight the NRA’s latest attempt to evade responsibility.

No one is above the law.
Congratulations to the members of @SBWorkersUnited for forming the first unionized Starbucks in America.

Your fight for the fair treatment you deserve will continue to inspire workers in New York and across the nation.
https://t.co/F4FVtSsEiF
This is a dangerous precedent.

Upholding this ban on abortions will put countless people at risk. We will continue to fight back and protect the constitutional right to access an abortion.

https://t.co/7i6qsih1rM
For decades, opioids have wreaked havoc on our communities, and we won't stop fighting until all those who are responsible pay the price.
 
We've held several companies and entities accountable, and we're continuing our fight in court to do the same with @TevaUSA.
I made a promise to go after the companies that were responsible for this harm, and we have successfully done just that, bringing up to $1.7 billion to New York.  
  
We're committed to ending this epidemic and saving lives.
Opioid manufacturer Allergan spent years fueling the opioid crisis, and today we finally hold them accountable for this destruction. 
 
Allergan will pay up to $200 million to New York that will help fund treatment and recovery programs in local communities.
Our lawsuit against former Vyra CEO Martin Shkreli will go to trial later this month.
 
We will continue to protect New Yorkers’ health and their wallets.
We secured $40 million from Vyera Pharma and banned Kevin Mulleady from the pharma industry for seven years for illegally monopolizing the market of the life-saving drug Daraprim.

I won't allow anyone to line their own pockets at the expense of our most vulnerable. https://t.co/KPHWnfxXo0
Assistant Chief Suriel spent decades saving lives and serving New Yorkers, including the terror attacks of September 11.

He was a hero, and I’m sending my condolences to his family and the entire EMS community. https://t.co/to0drRZYvm
Acts of hate that threaten the #LGBTQ community or any of our communities with violence are despicable, and we cannot tolerate them.

Today and every day, I stand with the LGBTQ community and against ignorant bigotry.
https://t.co/F7GqpXVjHg
I'm co-leading a coalition of AGs to fight back against a Florida voting law that creates unconstitutional restrictions and discriminates against minority communities.

I will always defend the fundamental right to vote.
As an educator and a labor and District Leader, @EricDinowitzNYC has been a public servant for communities across the Northwest Bronx for over a decade, and I know he will continue this work in the years to come.

Congratulations on your inauguration to the New York City Council! https://t.co/3sClxYOCDW
From helping our youth access higher education to raising funds and awareness for breast cancer and more, the congregation at the Butler Memorial United Methodist Church has been serving the Bronx community for over a century.

Thanks for having me at your service this morning.
The Queens Civic Congress represents over 100 civic and other community organizations across Queens, the most diverse urban area of the world.
 
Thanks for having me at your Legislative Reception this afternoon as you continue your work to proudly represent Queens.
From the North Country to Buffalo, the Hudson Valley and Long Island, these gun buyback events are getting dangerous weapons off our streets to help protect all of our communities and save lives. 
  
My office is committed to fighting the gun violence epidemic head-on.
Today, we recovered 56 firearms at our gun buyback event in Poughkeepsie.  
 
This year alone, I'm proud that my office has taken nearly 2,100 guns off our streets through these community events and other measures across the entire state of New York. https://t.co/Qz3JNMqdZ8
My office is hosting a community gun buyback event with @poughkeepsiePD this Saturday, December 4 from 10AM-1PM at the Beulah Baptist Church in Poughkeepsie.
 
No questions will be asked and no ID is needed. https://t.co/lG08TEybr6
The Fearless Girl is a powerful reminder of how far we have come, but also how much more work we still have to do to achieve equality.

She must remain in New York City.
https://t.co/VVZ52WkJel
Elected officials are entrusted with serving and protecting our communities — New Yorkers deserve nothing less.

We will continue to root out corruption at every level of government throughout the entire state.
Today, Rensselaer County Executive Steve McLaughlin was arrested and indicted for stealing thousands of dollars in campaign funds to pay off personal debts.

My office will always go after those who abuse public trust for their own personal benefit.
On #WorldAIDSDay, we remember those we've lost to AIDS and we recommit to bringing an end to this global epidemic and the stigmas and inequalities surrounding HIV/AIDS.

While we navigate the #COVID19 pandemic, we can't lose sight of the other epidemics that impact far too many.
This proposal will cover the cost to travel to New York, accommodations, and the costs of an abortion. 
 
We must be ready to support individuals in Mississippi and other states across the nation that could lose their fundamental right to choose.
As the Supreme Court hears arguments on a dangerous anti-abortion law, we cannot sit idly by as states try to end Roe v. Wade and move us backward.
 
I'm calling on New York state to set up a fund that will allow individuals to travel to our state to access abortion services.
I'm honored to be in Rochester to speak to the Rochester Labor Council this evening.
 
As members of organized labor, you strengthen our middle class and keep New York running, and you'll always have the full powers of my office standing with you in solidarity. https://t.co/EW3hvR4sp2
Tomorrow, Mississippi's abortion ban, a direct threat to Roe v. Wade, will be argued at the Supreme Court.

I took action in this case because states have a duty to do everything we can to protect the constitutional right to an abortion. #BansOffOurBodies
https://t.co/3jnQezx5ee
My heart is with the entire Oxford High School community.

I’m praying for the families of those who lost their lives to this senseless act of gun violence and for the full recovery of those who were injured.
https://t.co/h897h0a56H
During this pandemic, Amazon has continuously failed to take the necessary public health measures to protect its workers.

It's more important than ever that Amazon take action now, especially as we face a new #COVID19 variant.
I'm filing a motion to force @amazon to immediately implement #COVID19 safety measures at its Staten Island facility after failing to protect its workers and to reinstate Chris Smalls, who was fired for speaking about these issues.

Amazon must stop putting profits over people. https://t.co/9VrGl7fWln
My office is committed to protecting New Yorkers' wallets.
 
Use these tips to make informed donations, and if you believe an organization is misrepresenting its work or that a scam is taking place, we want to know:
 
✉️ charities.bureau@ag.ny.gov https://t.co/TEqXFtC6XR
#GivingTuesday is all about giving back, and my office is here to help New Yorkers ensure their kind donations are being used as they intended.

Our Pennies for Charity report has tips for charitable giving this holiday season and beyond.

https://t.co/F5GPv7Y16O
Title X funding allows women, families, and our vulnerable communities to access the safe and affordable reproductive care and family planning services they need and deserve.

I'm leading a coalition to uphold a new rule that protects and expands this funding across our nation.
Just last night, I stood with @JCRCNY, @UJAfedNY, @ADL_NYNJ, and others to denounce the rising levels of antisemitism in New York.

This will not be tolerated: If you have any information, please contact @NYPDHateCrimes.

https://t.co/uxBJsC3132
#Hanukkah is about the triumph of light over darkness, and we all have a duty to come together and put an end to the darkness of antisemitism for good.

To the Jewish community here at home and abroad, Chag Sameach.
I'm standing with the Jewish community across New York and our country tonight to #ShineALight on antisemitism and reject this hate that's rising across our communities.

New York will always support our Jewish neighbors and denounce antisemitism in all its forms. https://t.co/naLUun3ywy
RT @JCRCNY: “No more hate as long as we stand shoulder to shoulder … as an African American woman I stand with the Jewish community now and…
I'm co-leading a coalition of AGs to continue fighting a Florida school board's discriminatory policy against transgender students.

We will do everything in our power to ensure transgender students receive equal protection under the law. https://t.co/LNx8jYs7YA
Happy #Hanukkah to everyone celebrating across New York and our nation.

I hope you enjoy the next eight days with your family and community, safely. Chag Sameach.
Small businesses have been hit especially hard throughout this pandemic, and they need our support to recover now more than ever.
 
New York, get out and safely shop local today. #SmallBusinessSaturday
Happy Thanksgiving, New York.

I'm grateful for everything New Yorkers have done for our communities as we continue to navigate this pandemic. I’m thankful for your compassion and strength, and your commitment to recovering and rebuilding.
@SenSchumer Sending you and your entire family our prayers and love. May his memory be a blessing.
Today, justice was served.

I pray that the Arbery family can find some semblance of peace and that we continue to march forward towards justice for all.
If you have any complaints or information regarding sexual abuse and misconduct within the Babylon School District, contact my office:

https://t.co/s4efihmbVI
Heavy-duty trucks are one of the greatest contributors of smog and this dangerous air pollution disproportionately harms low-income and communities of color.

I'm joining @AGWilliamTong and @NewJerseyOAG to urge the @EPA to tighten controls on air pollution from these vehicles.
We recovered $1.2 million and permanently banned Buffalo-based debt collector Andrew Fanelli and his companies from operating in New York after we found they made illegal threats to collect debt. 
  
I'll always stand up to protect our most vulnerable New Yorkers.
My office is launching an investigation into the Babylon School District over allegations of widespread sexual abuse and misconduct by teachers and coaches.

The safety and wellbeing of students, both past and present, is of utmost importance.

https://t.co/3cjBagrStc
RT @CatalinaCruzNY: This morning I got to join Elmhurst Hospital’s @NYCHealthSystem amazing heroes, w/@votejgr &amp; special guest @NewYorkStat…
RT @votejgr: Spent the morning with @CatalinaCruzNY and @NewYorkStateAG at Elmhurst Hospital. After everything our essential workers have d…
I stopped by Morris Park and the Union Grove Baptist Church in Claremont Village in the Bronx for turkey giveaways with @Fernandez4NY, @Vanessalgibson, and @CMSalamancaJr.
 
I'm thankful to be able to take part in helping all of our communities celebrate Thanksgiving this week. https://t.co/EdBy3l3Rb1
Thank you to @votejgr and @voteshekar for helping us give back to our frontline workers this morning!
Spending the morning at Elmhurst Hospital in Queens with @CatalinaCruzNY to show our gratitude to our essential workers.
 
These heroes continue to work tirelessly to protect our communities and give us the chance to safely be with our families this holiday season. https://t.co/pnVKardqXD
Perry stole this money and used it for shopping sprees, cars, other lavish expenses, and to pay her family members. 
  
I will never tolerate illegal and immoral actions that take advantage of our most vulnerable communities.
After we found the Bronx nonprofit Millennium Care and its executive director, Ethel Denise Perry, stole over $2 million meant for a homeless shelter in the Bronx and evaded taxes for years, the organization and Perry have pleaded guilty for their crimes.
My heart is with the Waukesha community tonight after this horrific act.
https://t.co/Y2gLns1rWa
We know Instagram is harmful to our children, and we're not going to allow @Meta, formally known as Facebook, to put its business and profits over protecting our youth.
https://t.co/FWMNmIqgjp
Grateful to join @YAMAMerchants’ Halal Turkey Giveaway in Washington Heights this afternoon.

As we enter this holiday week, I’m thankful for organizations like @YAMAMerchants that support and uplift our communities. https://t.co/fnHU6j5PpT
On Transgender Day of Remembrance, we remember and honor the lives lost to transphobia, violence, and acts of hate.
 
Trans rights are human rights, and I'll always fight for your right to proudly be who you are. #TransDayOfRemembrance
Given the high cost of living for New York homeowners, it’s time we repeal the SALT cap and end the heavy burden it’s placed on New York’s hardworking families.
https://t.co/rOIZrWrfee
Dreamers are integral to our country, and I will always do everything in my power to protect them here in New York and across our nation.
 
I'm leading a coalition to support the federal government’s efforts to protect and strengthen DACA and ensure Dreamers are #HereToStay.
This is a dark day for our justice system.

As a lawyer, I respect jury verdicts. But this is yet another reminder that our system needs to be uprooted and reformed.
I’m deeply humbled and honored to be recognized by @HetrickMartin for my longstanding commitment to protecting the LGBTQ+ community. 

New York is a safer and more equitable place because of the work of @HetrickMartin. I thank them for all that they’ve done for our communities. https://t.co/ZUqBcIlFgn
I'm investigating @Meta with a bipartisan, nationwide coalition of AGs over Instagram’s impact on our children.

Meta pushes Instagram on our children despite knowing that social media can cause them mental and physical harm, and we're taking action to protect our youth.
All across our nation, voting rights are under attack, and the time to protect our democracy is now.

I’m with @FairElectionsNY to say Congress must pass the Freedom to Vote and John Lewis Voting Rights Advancement Acts. https://t.co/PMtU0p0hkS
Throughout this pandemic, nursing home workers have risked their own lives every single day to care for New Yorkers, and now it's time we support them.
 
Proud to stand with @1199SEIU today to demand these heroes get the respect and fair contract they deserve. https://t.co/9WgFjNnuC4
We busted 54 members of a major drug trafficking ring for their alleged roles in distributing fentanyl-laced heroin, cocaine, and methamphetamine across the Capital Region.
 
I will continue to crack down on these dangerous and illegal activities and protect our communities.
We need more women of color upholding the rule of law, delivering justice, and leading the way in the legal field.
 
Today I attended @monroe_college's Sisters in Law event in the Bronx to speak with young women about pursuing careers in law to be a fighter for the people. https://t.co/Dw5QN4E6Hr
Today, I was in Melville with the @LongIslandAssoc to talk about how we can best improve the economy and infrastructure on Long Island and across New York as we recover from this pandemic.

The work of @LongIslandAssoc will be crucial to help move Long Island forward.
I fully support the @SBWorkersUnited employees in Buffalo for bravely exercising their fundamental right to unionize.

Any effort to intimidate these workers won't be tolerated, and I strongly urge @Starbucks to allow this process to proceed without interference.
After an investigation with @NYCDCA, we found that Intergen Health and Amazing Home Care Services violated New York's labor laws and denied these frontline workers their wages for years.

Under my watch, illegal and exploitative labor practices will not be tolerated.
My office recovered up to $18.8 million for 12,000 home health aides who were denied pay and paid sick leave from two of the state's largest home health care agencies.

We will always fight to protect our workers and their basic rights.
PFAS are highly toxic “forever” chemicals that contaminate our environment, drinking water, and pose a risk to our communities.

I'm leading a coalition to urge the Senate to take immediate action to strengthen protections against these dangerous chemicals.
These blatant displays of antisemitic hate are disgusting, and I stand with @JeffreyDinowitz in rejecting this shameful, unacceptable behavior to the Jewish community. https://t.co/AluwOGAJpf
Whether it's defending our state's firearm licensing laws at the Supreme Court, hosting community gun buyback events, or taking down gun trafficking rings, I'm taking on the gun violence epidemic head-on.

We're going to protect our communities from this devastation.
Indiana is trying to turn back the clock and restrict access to abortions, and once again, I'm fighting back.

It doesn't matter what state, what entity, or what draconian law: access to abortion is a constitutional right and I will defend it.
https://t.co/hlzXOxpMwh
RT @JamaalBowmanNY: Thank you @NewYorkStateAG for supporting the "Polluters Pay Climate Fund," a federal proposal I am leading with @ChrisV…
Twenty years ago, 265 lives were lost when Flight 587 crashed in the Rockaways.
 
Today, I'm thinking of the families and communities that lost their loved ones to this tragedy and wishing them strength.
 
New York will always remember.
https://t.co/4BQHktFRHD
The remarks made against our Jewish neighbors at a Rockland County town meeting tonight are appalling and unacceptable.

We will not tolerate any form of antisemitic bigotry in any corner of our communities, period.
We express our deepest thanks to all the Americans who have served our country and to their families who have also sacrificed.

We will never forget all that these heroes have done to protect our freedom. #VeteransDay https://t.co/PozVcP3nQY
Today, we honor the veterans who have put their lives on the line to protect our country and its people.

You are heroes, and we are eternally grateful for your selflessness and bravery.

Thank you for your service. #VeteransDay
It’s great to be on Long Island tonight with the Nassau County Village Officials Association to talk with local officials about the issues impacting communities in Nassau County. https://t.co/6xD1rzYq0d
Tonight, marks 83 years since the devastating night when Jewish homes, businesses, and synagogues were destroyed across Germany. 

Kristallnacht is a painful reminder of the darkness and antisemitism that once haunted our communities. Let us never return to that darkness again.
This agreement will also preserve existing union contracts to safeguard workers' rights and benefits.
 
I will always do everything in my power to protect hardworking New Yorkers and their wallets.
Today, we took action to protect consumers across upstate New York.
 
My office is ensuring a merger between @PriceChopper and @TopsMarkets doesn't raise prices at the grocery store.
RT @RepBrianHiggins: Avi Israel &amp; his wife Julie have turned the incredible pain they went through with the loss of Michael into help for s…
After losing his son to opioids, Avi started @STMOTW to help fight opioid addiction in Buffalo and across Western New York.

It’s critical that providers and impacted families are involved in deciding how these funds are used, and no one is more qualified to help than Avi.
I'm proud to appoint Avi Israel, President &amp; Founder of @STMOTW in Buffalo, to New York's Opioid Settlement Board.

In this role, Avi will help distribute up to $1.5 billion we've secured so far for communities in New York for opioid prevention, treatment, and recovery programs.
No podemos dejar que traten a los puertorriqueños como ciudadanos de segunda clase.
 
He tomado medidas para asegurar que los puertorriqueños tengan acceso a los beneficios federales y seguiré luchando hasta que obtengan la ayuda que se merecen.
https://t.co/w8gsJOdWXz
Puerto Ricans are Americans, and we can't let them be treated as second-class citizens.

I have taken action in this case to ensure Puerto Ricans have access to federal benefits and I will continue to fight until they get the aid they rightfully deserve.
https://t.co/w8gsJOdWXz
I am pleased that the hardworking members of @CWADistrict1 reached a tentative agreement with the Catholic Health System to finally get the treatment they deserve.

They risk their lives every day to support New Yorkers and it’s time they get treated with dignity and respect. https://t.co/DrVMbQBjCo
Happy #Diwali to all who celebrate!
 
I hope you and your family enjoy this time together to celebrate the Festival of Lights and the new year.
La próxima semana, este tema será escuchado en la Corte Suprema e instamos al gob federal q abandone su posición de negar beneficios a los boricuas y otros ciudadanos.

Los puertorriqueños son ciudadanos americanos y todos los estadounidenses merecen igual protección ante la ley.
A millones de ciudadanos estadounidenses que viven en Puerto Rico y otros territorios se les niegan injustamente beneficios federales.
  
Hoy estoy luchando contra esta política inhumana en PR con @HispanicFed y en la Corte Suprema pq todos los ciudadanos merecen equidad.
Next week, this very issue will be heard before the Supreme Court, and we urge the federal government to drop its case to deny these benefits to Puerto Ricans and other U.S. citizens.

Puerto Ricans are Americans, and every American deserves equal protection under the law.
Millions of U.S. citizens living in Puerto Rico and other U.S. territories are unjustly denied federal benefits.

I'm fighting this inhumane policy today, in Puerto Rico with the @HispanicFed and at the Supreme Court because all Americans must be treated equally. https://t.co/u5vEgx6Jgt
While this agreement is a critical and necessary first step, there is still more work to be done.

We must continue to fight alongside @NYTWA to ensure more agreements like this one are secured for all medallion owners.
So far this year, the United States has already experienced about 600 mass shootings and more than 37,000 individuals have died because of gun violence.
 
We're defending these laws to save New Yorkers' lives. #ProtectStateGunLaws https://t.co/VPrfNFLnEQ
Just yesterday, I stood with @NYTWA to call on New York City to deliver the relief these drivers deserve.

This is a huge victory for these hardworking New Yorkers who have been unfairly struggling for far too long. https://t.co/lmJ050IC4x
RT @SenSchumer: In this epidemic of gun violence, this case is critical

Allowing concealed carry in NY subways, crowded streets, airports,…
RT @MassAGO: Our friends at @NewYorkStateAG are defending its strong gun laws before the Supreme Court today. Massachusetts is with you all…
Today, we're presenting our case to defend New York's gun licensing law at the Supreme Court.

No one is immune from gun violence, and we must ensure states can take the actions necessary to protect our communities from this devastation. 
#ProtectStateGunLaws https://t.co/jVxFoDK73x
New York: The polls have closed, but if you're in line to vote: stay in line.
 
You have a right to cast your ballot. If you have any issues, contact my office:
 
https://t.co/xWwpsAwf96
Methane is a dangerous greenhouse gas that is one of the greatest contributors to climate change. 
 
I’ve taken legal action to cut methane emissions and protect our planet, and I'm pleased to see this administration announce these new policies.
https://t.co/PjCJywZ9nB
While communities suffer the dire effects of senseless gun violence, it's up to the states to protect Americans from another tragedy.

Tomorrow, we're arguing in the Supreme Court to defend states' rights to enact firearm licensing regulations and save lives. #ProtectStateGunLaws
Today I'm standing in solidarity with the taxi medallion owners of @NYTWA to call on New York City to step up and deliver the relief that these drivers need and deserve.
 
This financial devastation has gone on for too long. https://t.co/WKlAvCEOp2
It's Election Day New York!
 
The polls are open until 9PM. Be sure to get out and cast your ballot, and contact my office if you have any issues at the polls.
 
☎️1-800-771-7755
 
✉️election.hotline@ag.ny.gov
 
https://t.co/532eQdCJlI
This week we're going to the Supreme Court to defend New York's gun licensing law that protects over 20 million New Yorkers and the public spaces across our state.

This is about saving lives from senseless gun violence. #ProtectStateGunLaws
New York: tomorrow is Election Day.

The polls will be open from 6AM-9PM. Use the link below to find your polling location and get out and vote.

It's your voice.

https://t.co/J0uryjtb1i
My office has taken several actions to fight Texas' draconian abortion ban, and we will keep working to protect the constitutional right to abortion in this nation.
https://t.co/PQq0jEHeXl
New York: The last day of early voting is tomorrow, October 31.
 
Make a plan to get out and cast your ballot this weekend.

https://t.co/J0uryjtb1i
Throughout the #COVID19 pandemic, Ticket Fulfillment Services, a part of @VividSeats, refused to give over 11 thousand consumers refunds for canceled events.

We're holding the company accountable and delivering $4.4 million back into the pockets of consumers.
When my office received the referral to investigate allegations that former Governor Andrew Cuomo sexually harassed multiple women, we proceeded without fear or favor.

The criminal charges against Mr. Cuomo for forcible touching further validate the findings in our report.
Police officers are entrusted to protect and serve, but Baldner violated that trust.

While nothing will bring Monica back, we must hold law enforcement to the highest standards and we will continue to seek justice in this case.
Today, New York State Trooper Christopher Baldner was arraigned for his role in the death of 11-year-old Monica Goods.

Baldner has been charged with murder and reckless endangerment for allegedly using his police vehicle to ram a car that she was in, causing it to flip over.
For nearly two months, the people of Texas have suffered at the hands of legislators trying to control reproductive freedoms, and we're not going to stop fighting back.

We are once again taking action in the Supreme Court to fight Texas' draconian abortion ban.
Protecting hardworking New Yorkers will always be a top priority.

That's why we fought to recoup these employees' wages and to hold the companies accountable for violating their rights.
Right before the pandemic, 250 employees unfairly lost their jobs when the Doral Arrowwood Hotel in Westchester shut down without providing them sufficient legal notice.

Today, @ShelleyBMayer and I are delivering $2.7 million to these workers for the wages they were denied.
Every day, nurses put their own safety on the line to protect the rest of us.

Whether it’s fighting for unpaid wages or a safe working environment, I will always stand with @nynurses and the rest of our health care workers across New York. https://t.co/bhirlNrFvs
These products are especially dangerous for our children.

We've seen an increase in accidental overdoses among children nationwide, and it's vital that we do everything we can to protect our children.
New York parents should be on the alert for deceptive cannabis products that look like standard snacks and candy but contain dangerously high concentrations of THC. 
  
Any New Yorker that has encountered these products should contact my office immediately: 
  
1-800-771-7755 https://t.co/dU0Xd2RtNQ
No one is immune from gun violence, and we must ensure that we can take appropriate measures to protect our families and our communities from this devastation.

I'm taking action to defend states' rights to enact firearm regulations and save lives from senseless gun violence.
New York: heavy rains are expected to impact our region tonight into tomorrow.

Follow your local weather officials, have a plan in place, and most importantly, stay safe during this storm. https://t.co/iDIOzZzJjZ
We’re in Jamestown at @UPMC Jones Memorial Health Center to discuss the opioid epidemic and how these funds can best support Western NY’s efforts to turn the tide on this crisis.

Our settlement will give up to $2.5 million to Chautauqua County to uplift vital centers like this. https://t.co/zzzVPYZ5D5
We know when workers are unionized, they get the fair treatment they deserve, and our agricultural workers are entitled to that basic right.

Congratulations to the newest members of @Local338 for forming the first farm workers union in New York.
https://t.co/qL1VsjVbzr
New York: Early voting starts tomorrow, and runs through Sunday, October 31.

Make your plan now. Double check your polling site and hours for early voting and go make your voice heard.

https://t.co/J0uryjtb1i https://t.co/4deJcC5bY0
Today, I'm pleased to see the Biden administration take action to revise this rule and end the harm it placed on immigrant communities.

We must keep working to protect immigrants in New York and across our entire nation.
The Trump administration's Public Charge rule sowed fear and chaos in immigrant communities and drove them away from the resources and health benefits they desperately needed.

I fought this dangerous rule at every turn to protect the wellbeing of our immigrant neighbors.
My office is hosting a community gun buyback event with @ElmiraPolice next Thursday, October 28 from 4PM-7PM.

No ID is needed and no questions will be asked.

Join us: https://t.co/DFEhDkXigq
New York will always support LGBTQ+ youth and stand against bullying and intolerance.
 
I will always fight to protect your right to proudly be who you are. #SpiritDay
Every day, parents are unknowingly feeding their babies food that contains dangerous levels of toxic metals.

This is about protecting our children and we must act now.
Back in February, I called on the @US_FDA to set standards to remove dangerous levels of arsenic, lead, cadmium, and mercury in baby foods.

Today, I'm leading a group of 23 AGs to demand the FDA take more urgent action on this issue and protect our children. https://t.co/TKSrlKTMa7
In New York alone, a Latina woman earns just fifty-six cents for every one dollar a man earns. We must do better.

Our nation cannot live up to its promise that all of us are equal until all of us receive equal pay for equal work.
Today, Latina women finally earn what their white, male counterparts made in 2020 for the same kind of work.

That's nearly 10 months too late. #LatinaEqualPayDay
Statement from my office: https://t.co/jApsVZynso
Online sports merchandise retailer @Fanatics failed to collect sales tax in New York, and now we're forcing them to pony up.

Fanatics will pay $1.5 million for trying to illegally tilt the playing field.
Far too many charities and donors are victims of bad actors who take advantage of their kind intentions.

My office has resources and tips to help New Yorkers stay vigilant and #StopCharityFraud.

#CharityFraudAwarenessWeek

⬇️⬇️⬇️

https://t.co/6Dj8Pm0VGq
Texas has waged a relentless war on abortion access, and I'm not going to back down from this fight.

We are filing a brief in the Supreme Court to stop the state's draconian abortion ban and safeguard the rights of people across Texas, New York, and our nation.
Over the past two weeks, we went to 18 counties across New York to meet with communities and provide up to $1.5 billion in funds to fight the opioid epidemic.

From Buffalo to Long Island and the North Country, this money will be vital to ending the devastation caused by opioids. https://t.co/SYYluJGJIX
The @CWADistrict1 members put their lives on the line to protect our communities during this pandemic, and they deserve a fair contract, period.

I’m proud to join their picket line today at Mercy Hospital in Buffalo to demand real pay, real benefits, and real safety. https://t.co/xBfVf9bOab
When I first took office, I visited Save the Michaels and made a promise that I would bring some semblance of justice to everyone who has suffered from this crisis.

Today, we come full circle. This money will be vital to help facilities like Save the Michaels heal New York.
We’re at @STMOTW in Buffalo, where our settlement will provide up to $20 million to Erie County and up to $8 million to Buffalo to fight the opioid crisis.

Save the Michaels supports those in recovery, and I’m honored to support this facility and the heroes who run it. https://t.co/uH1aC9YpVx
Our last stop of the day is in Batavia to visit the Recovery Station, a community space for people in recovery.

Our settlement is going to provide Genesee County with up to a million dollars to support facilities like this and combat the opioid crisis. https://t.co/hkyc0pQ4gu
RT @RepJoeMorelle: Grateful to join @NewYorkStateAG this afternoon to address the opioid crisis, which has only grown worse during the pand…
RT @SenatorCooney: Thank you @NewYorkStateAG for your leadership. More resources in the fight against opioid addiction means more lives sav…
RT @SenatorBrouk: So many families across our community continue to struggle with addiction &amp; have been irreparably harmed by opioid manufa…
We're in Rochester where our settlement is going to provide Monroe County and Rochester with up to $19.5 million to turn the tide on the opioid epidemic. 
 
These funds are going to help heal communities across Monroe County that have been ravaged by this crisis. https://t.co/tNIyQ6SaTb
We're starting the day in Waterloo to visit the Seneca County Community Counseling Center, the only treatment provider of addiction services in Seneca County serving women in recovery. 
 
Our settlement will provide Seneca County with up to $577,000 to fight the opioid crisis. https://t.co/6UmpkqSHLO
We’re in Ithaca at the Alcohol and Drug Council of Tompkins County to present Tompkins County with up to $1.7 million in funds from our settlement.

We’re going to get this money into communities across the region to end the destruction caused by opioids and heal our state. https://t.co/PSWoOByOtL
We're at @NYUHSINC in Binghamton, where our settlement is going to provide Broome County with up to $4.1 million in funds to fight the opioid crisis.
 
This money will be crucial to help end the pain that opioids have caused across the Southern Tier over the past two decades. https://t.co/AuMIHj5G5C
2020 was the deadliest year for overdoses in Onondaga County — that’s why these funds to support facilities like Crouse Health and increase additional opioid prevention, treatment, and education programs are so important.

We are going to combat this crisis and heal New York.
Our next stop is at Crouse Health in Syracuse, where our settlement is going to provide Syracuse with up to $3.7 million and Onondaga County with up to $9.4 million in funds to fight the opioid epidemic. https://t.co/3z6InrNu5i
We're at the Center for Family Life and Recovery in Utica to continue our HealNY Tour to turn the tide on the opioid crisis across New York.

Our settlement will provide Oneida County with up to $4.2 million in funds that will help save lives from the destruction of opioids. https://t.co/tssSiEBJOV
On National Coming Out Day, remember that regardless of where you may be on your own path: you are loved, you are valued, and you are courageous.

I will always fight to protect your right to be who you are. #NationalComingOutDay
Too often, we overlook the importance of taking care of ourselves and our mental health.

On #WorldMentalHealthDay, remember it's okay not to be okay and that there's support available to New Yorkers in need:

https://t.co/smbUaJB1Cd
Last week, we visited 10 counties across New York in our efforts to turn the tide on the opioid crisis.

Our settlements will provide hundreds of millions to these counties to combat the opioid epidemic and help save lives.

Follow along as we continue our HealNY Tour next week. https://t.co/ooPyxwGqyN
Today, we collected 49 firearms at our community gun buyback event in Watervliet. 
  
We’re committed to getting these guns out of our communities and ending gun violence in New York https://t.co/dlF5JDlA7U
Ken Thompson was my neighbor, my friend, and a trailblazer for Brooklyn, NYC, and our nation.
 
He fought tirelessly to restore our justice system, and I'm honored to attend his street renaming to celebrate his life and cement his legacy in Brooklyn. https://t.co/WdgnyeshFn
TODAY: My office is hosting a community gun buyback event with local police departments across Albany from 10AM-1PM at The Dome in Watervliet, New York.
 
No ID is needed and no questions will be asked. https://t.co/0Ojf12z9oP
We're in Elizabethtown to meet with the Essex County Heroin &amp; Opioid Coalition, a group of community and government partners, to talk about how we can better respond to the opioid crisis.

Our settlement is going to provide Essex County with up to $539,000 to prevent future harm. https://t.co/rxwq9uWI2D
Facilities like MHAB have spent years helping New Yorkers and providing the opportunities they need to succeed, and I'm proud to support its incredible work.

Together, we're going to turn the tide on the opioid crisis across the North Country and all of New York.
Our HealNY tour continues today at MHAB's All Ways to Recovery Community Center in Plattsburgh, where our settlement will provide Clinton County with up to $1.2 million and the North Country with up to $14.5 million to fight the opioid epidemic. https://t.co/Noqf5Ckenf
Some of the same workers who put everything on the line through our darkest days are being treated unfairly, and it's unacceptable.

It's time Catholic Health System give these workers what they deserve.
The @CWADistrict1 members working at Catholic Health System have been denied fair treatment and forced to deal with dangerous conditions. 
 
These health care workers deserve real pay, real benefits, and real safety, and I stand with them.
https://t.co/cgbqq8VzvB
New York: tomorrow is the last day to register to vote in the upcoming election on November 2, 2021.
 
Get registered to vote and start making your plan for #ElectionDay.
https://t.co/Nj3cqCUa2H
The members of @IATSE worked tirelessly to keep our film and television industry running during a global pandemic, and they deserve a fair contract.

I will always stand with union workers.
We fought this unconstitutional abortion ban in Texas, and now a court has ruled to immediately block this law.

We will continue to fight to protect the right to an abortion in Texas and across our entire nation. https://t.co/0psn8yfPaP
We’re at the Hope and Healing Recovery Community Center in Hudson Falls to talk to patients about getting resources into communities for the treatment and recovery programs New Yorkers need.

Our settlement will provide Washington County with up to $704,000 to fight this crisis. https://t.co/HMNH9uPAPd
We stopped by the St. Mary’s Hospital Facility to tour a new wing for opioid treatment and talk to staff about how we can turn the tide on the opioid crisis.

Our settlement is going to provide Montgomery County with up to $665,000 to prevent future devastation. https://t.co/CCy2I6gLuR
We're at the Elizabeth House Women’s Residential Treatment Facility to talk to residents and staff about their experiences with the opioid crisis.

Our settlement funds will go directly to communities in Rensselaer County to support facilities like this and combat this epidemic. https://t.co/0u7eMpfPWj
RT @PatriciaFahy109: 🚫💊 Proud to join @NewYorkStateAG today at @AlbanyMed as she announces $4M+ to go toward long-term rehabilitation servi…
RT @RepPaulTonko: Thanks to the powerful work of @NewYorkStateAG, our Capital Region will receive critical support to invest in addiction t…
The opioid epidemic has wreaked havoc on the Capital Region of New York, and we're taking action to end this destruction. 
 
These funds will be paramount to invest in prevention, treatment, and recovery programs for New Yorkers in need.
Up next: our settlement is providing up to $4.1 million to Albany County.
 
We’re going to get these funds directly into communities in the Capital Region and turn the tide on this crisis. https://t.co/iqaPJw80S9
RT @JamesSkoufis: Always a pleasure to welcome @NewYorkStateAG to Newburgh. NY’s recent opioid settlement is a game changer for the many fa…
RT @RepMondaire: Thanks to @NewYorkStateAG's advocacy, opioid manufacturers and distributors are finally paying up for the devastation they…
After more than two decades of devastation from opioids across the Hudson Valley, today we are helping these communities heal.

Our settlement will provide up to $94 million to the counties in the Hudson Valley to help prevent future harm.
Our next stop is a visit to the Cornerstone Center for Recovery in Newburgh to speak with patients and staff about the opioid crisis across the city and Orange County. 
 
Our settlement will provide Orange County with up to $7.6 million to end the devastation caused by opioids. https://t.co/GDGDHjadVN
We’re starting day two of our HealNY Tour in Westchester, where our settlement will provide up to $18.8 million to Westchester County and the City of Yonkers. 
  
This money is going to help local communities fight the opioid crisis. https://t.co/0hQxaft10C
My office fought the Trump administration's Title X "Gag Rule" at every turn, and this reversal is a big victory against the attacks on reproductive freedoms.

We will continue to fight to protect access to reproductive health across our nation.
https://t.co/Zy4EE54LlX
Ed Vargas was a trailblazer, and New York’s labor movement won’t be the same without him.

My deepest condolences go out to his family and loved ones.
From Long Island to the North Country, Southern Tier, and all across our state: it's time to heal New York.

We're going to continue to deliver funds to counties across the entire state to fight the opioid epidemic head-on.
Our next stop is on Long Island, where we're giving the communities of Nassau and Suffolk Counties up to $228 million to fight the opioid epidemic.
 
Long Islanders have felt the pains of opioids and we're taking action to end this destruction. https://t.co/NimrBk5qab
Since day one, I've been committed to getting funds into communities that have been devastated by opioids.

Today, we're making good on that commitment and providing the support New Yorkers need to beat this crisis.
We're in the Bronx to kick off our HealNY Tour and deliver up to $256 million to New York City.

This will go directly into local communities throughout the five boroughs to combat the opioid crisis. https://t.co/swihQzhezR
All of this money is from lawsuits my office filed to hold the distributors and manufacturers of opioids accountable for their roles in fueling this crisis.

These funds will be vital to preventing future devastation from opioids across New York.
This week, we’re launching HealNY, a statewide tour to deliver up to $1.5 billion in funds to turn the tide on the opioid epidemic in New York. 
 
Every county in New York state will get funds to combat the opioid crisis with treatment, prevention, and recovery programs.
The @NRA's decision to re-elect Wayne LaPierre and other top leaders to its board despite the evidence of fraud and self-dealing we have laid out further shows the issues happening within the NRA.

Our fight for transparency and accountability will go on.
https://t.co/OEs2TY7Qps
Dorthy Goosby filed a lawsuit to end Hempstead's discriminatory voting system and then became the first Black woman elected to the town board.

Today, we honored Councilwoman @dorothylgoosby's historic career and recognized the renaming of the Hempstead Town Hall Plaza. https://t.co/O6EBTLKRIJ
In this nation, we have a constitutional right to abortion.

To every American marching to protect this right today: I march with you and will always fight back against these attacks to move our country backward. #RallyForAbortionJustice
Today we recovered 182 firearms at our community gun buyback event in Nassau County. 
  
Protecting our communities and ending the gun violence crisis across New York is a priority. https://t.co/SbvbQAo1zW
TODAY: Join us for a community gun buyback event with @NassauExecutive, @NassauPD, and @NassauDA from 9AM to 12PM at the Grace Cathedral International.
 
No ID is needed and no questions will be asked. https://t.co/zFhyDco7OZ
This is our third action in recent weeks to hold landlords accountable for failing to address lead paint hazards in communities of color.

We will continue to protect New Yorkers from landlords who break the law and take advantage of our families.
I'm suing Syracuse landlord John Kiggins and his company, Endzone Properties, for repeatedly violating lead paint laws and exposing children to dangerous lead paint hazards.

We found at least 18 children were poisoned with lead while living in Endzone Properties.
Join us Saturday, October 2 from 9AM-12PM for a community gun buyback event at the Grace Cathedral International with @NassauExecutive, @NassauPD, and @NassauDA.
 
No ID is needed and no questions will be asked. https://t.co/RvjXkFPmxT
Yesterday, we collected 84 firearms at our gun buyback event in Rome.
 
Gun buyback programs are essential to protecting New Yorkers and preventing dangerous guns from ending up in the wrong hands, and I'm proud to continue hosting these events across our state. https://t.co/b0TgmCE5FV
My office is hosting a community gun buyback with the Rome Police Department today from 4PM-7PM at the St. Paul's Roman Catholic Church.

No ID is needed and no questions will be asked.

Join us: https://t.co/oElvCct9Ao
Today, we collected 125 firearms at our gun buyback event in Plattsburgh.

Clinton County has seen an increase in gun-related violent crimes, and we're taking every measure to get these dangerous guns out of our homes and communities. https://t.co/t7KqdNfIzC
The great John Lewis said: "Your vote is precious, almost sacred."

And he was right. Our democracy works when you go to the polls and make your voice heard.

Get registered to vote. #NationalVoterRegistrationDay

https://t.co/Nj3cqDbKUf
Undocumented New Yorkers deserve the same relief from Ida's devastation as everyone else.
 
⬇️I urge everyone eligible to apply for this needed assistance by November 26.
https://t.co/Qdh85isjUD
Today’s verdict is an important moment for accountability in the #MeToo movement: no man—regardless of his celebrity, wealth, or status—is above the law.
One in four Black girls will be sexually abused before the age of 18—far more than their white counterparts.
 
We must do more to protect, defend, and believe our girls before 30 years pass by.
For decades, R. Kelly physically and sexually abused women and underage girls.

Although nothing can ever make up for years of suffering, those individuals finally received some sense of justice today.
My office is hosting a community gun buyback with @PlattsburghPD tomorrow, September 28, from 11AM-2PM at the Crete Memorial Civic Center in Plattsburgh.
 
No ID is needed and no questions will be asked. https://t.co/oTiIT5yslb
We're forcing @nationalgridus to pay $6 million for falsely reporting the electricity usage of over 1,000 homes and businesses, costing our state millions.

These funds will go directly towards helping low-income Long Islanders pay for heating costs.
https://t.co/rpqPEglXzZ
Gun violence continues to plague our communities, and my office is doing everything in our power to fight this crisis head-on.

Check out our three community gun buyback events this week in Plattsburgh, Rome, and Nassau County. https://t.co/bOM3anCti4
The Trump Organization must respond to our subpoenas and turn over the information and documents we are seeking or face an independent third-party that will ensure that takes place.

Our work will continue undeterred because no one is above the law.
https://t.co/zvIvAa3E4l
With over 400 bills nationwide this year alone aiming to restrict the right to vote, it's no secret that the most powerful tool in our democracy is under attack.
 
@AGKarlRacine and I are fighting these efforts to protect the right to vote.⬇️
https://t.co/x78NQjH3Zi
Once again, another entity is trying to take part in our lawsuit against the @NRA, but our fight for transparency and accountability from the NRA and its leadership will continue.

No organization is above the law.
I'm joining 16 AGs to urge the Biden administration to end the mistreatment of Haitian refugees at the border.

This administration must show the morality and compassion that migrants seeking asylum deserve. https://t.co/G34fIZI1cv
My office has taken countless actions to fight the climate crisis, but we also need to address the disproportionate impacts low-income New Yorkers and communities of color face from environmental injustice.

Inaction isn't an option: we’ve got work to do.
https://t.co/l5znJDBAYk
From the floods of Ida to the wildfires and record heat in the west, the extremes of our climate crisis have never been more evident.

Fighting this crisis is paramount to protect our planet. #ClimateWeek
Every New Yorker, especially our children, has a right to live in a safe home.

We will continue to uphold our state's lead paint laws and go after those who expose our communities to serious harm.
In our second major action in a week to protect our children from the dangers of lead paint, Chestnut Holdings will pay $300,000 for failing to follow New York City's lead paint laws.

These funds will be used for programs to protect children from lead poisoning. https://t.co/ZsZ2cBzP5T
FDR Services will pay $400,000 to these workers, most of whom are from immigrant communities, and give them their jobs back.

They risked their lives at the height of this pandemic and were mistreated for doing the right thing. We'll always fight for workers' rights and safety.
We're protecting the workers of a Long Island laundry facility who were unlawfully fired and denied paid sick leave after getting sick with #COVID19.

#COVID19 is not an excuse for anyone to abuse hardworking New Yorkers.
https://t.co/UJj3kXk71Y
Our last buyback is in Nassau County on Saturday, October 2 from 9AM-12PM at the Grace Cathedral International with @NassauExecutive, @NassauPD, and @NassauDA.
On Wednesday, September 29, we will be joined by the Rome Police Department for a buyback in Rome at the St. Paul's Roman Catholic Church from 4PM-7PM. https://t.co/WQHBHncS1d
Our first buyback is in Plattsburgh on Tuesday, September 28 from 11AM-2PM at the Crete Memorial Civic Center with @PlattsburghPD. https://t.co/XRsd0E4SKa
Next week, my office is hosting three community gun buyback events across New York to fight the gun violence epidemic and protect our communities.
 
No ID will be needed and no questions will be asked during our gun buyback events.
 
Get the details⬇️⬇️⬇️
After an investigation with @NYPDnews, we indicted ten members of an auto theft ring for their roles related to the theft and resale of over 225 vehicles throughout New York City and Westchester.

We're pumping the brakes on this illegal operation that burglarized New Yorkers.
The recent footage of @CBP's treatment of Haitian immigrants at our southern border is abhorrent.
 
Anyone seeking asylum must be treated humanely, and the administration's investigation must be swift and thorough.
https://t.co/j5JSFoViNJ
Los puertorriqueños son estadounidenses y el gobierno federal no debe de darle la espalda.

En el cuarto aniversario de la devastación del huracán María, me uno a @HispanicFed para pedir nuevamente al Congreso que de los beneficios federales y el apoyo que Puerto Rico merece.
Puerto Ricans are Americans, and the federal government must stop turning its back on them.

On the 4-year anniversary of Hurricane Maria's devastation, I'm joining the @HispanicFed to again call on Congress to provide the federal benefits and support that Puerto Rico deserves. https://t.co/tch8S1uOVf
I'm fighting against Mississippi's 15-week abortion ban in the Supreme Court.

Whether it's Texas, Mississippi, or any other state, we must stop these unconstitutional laws from taking us backward.
I'm leading 32 AGs to urge Congress to modernize our antitrust laws and ensure competition remains strong across New York and our nation.

Our antitrust laws need to catch up with the 21st century economy we are living in to protect consumers, small businesses, and innovation.
The sacrifices veterans make cannot be measured in words, and we must never forget their heroism.

Yesterday, we honored the lives lost and veterans of the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq at the @ArmorMuseum in Nassau County.
https://t.co/EzL7NJObwu
The #COVID19 vaccine is the best way to protect yourself, your loved ones, and all of our communities.

Do your part. Get vaccinated.
So long as the constitutional right to an abortion is under attack, I'm going to use every legal tool at my disposal to fight back.
https://t.co/RdCxQWK9ao
Today, we took 57 firearms off the streets of Westchester at our gun buyback event with @westchestergov, @WestchesterDA, and the @NewRochelleNY PD.

We are doing everything we can to eradicate gun violence and protect our communities in Westchester and across New York. https://t.co/hS80OwXm1w
Once again, the @NRA is trying to bully its way out of answering for its actions.
 
We will continue to follow the facts and hold the NRA and the individual defendants accountable because no one is above the law.
https://t.co/lp2fHcF8d7
As a result of this investigation, A&amp;E will pay my office over $500,000 for programs to protect children from lead poisoning.

I will always fight to ensure our youngest New Yorkers can live in hazard-free environments.
Lead paint in housing continues to be a threat to our children, and landlords must do their part and comply with our lead paint laws.

I'm holding A&amp;E Real Estate Holdings accountable for not complying with New York City’s Childhood Lead Poisoning Prevention Act.
TODAY: we're hosting a community gun buyback event with @westchestergov, @WestchesterDA, and the @NewRochelleNY Police Department from 11AM-2PM at the Bethesda Baptist Church.

No ID is needed and no questions will be asked. https://t.co/hi0q7r70wr
We have banned Ishmael Osekre from producing events in New York after burning New Yorkers with sham food festivals.

Mr. Osekre will pay over $300K after scamming thousands who bought tickets to the NYC African Food Festival &amp; NYC Pizza and Burger Festivals &amp; not paying vendors.
Shawn M. VanVeghten has been sentenced to prison for running a million-dollar construction scheme that defrauded homebuyers in upstate New York.

@nyspolice and I will continue to protect New Yorkers' homes and their wallets from criminals trying to line their own pockets.
Join us tomorrow, September 17, for a community gun buyback event with @westchestergov, @WestchesterDA, and the @NewRochelleNY Police Department from 11AM-2PM at the Bethesda Baptist Church.

No ID is needed and no questions will be asked. https://t.co/ALbOJGJV9s
¡Feliz Mes de la Herencia Hispana!

Este mes, y todos el año, honramos y celebramos el sinnúmero de contribuciones hechas por la comunidad Hispana en todo el Estado de Nueva York y el nuestro país.
Happy #HispanicHeritageMonth, New York!

This month, and every month, we honor and celebrate the countless contributions that Hispanic communities make across New York and our nation.
After fleeing New York for Pakistan in 2013, Mr. Pervez will now answer for his alleged actions.

This case should put criminals on notice: My office will work to ensure fugitives are brought back to face justice in New York, no matter where in the world they are.
We've arrested Mujahid "Peter" Pervez for allegedly stealing over $16 million from Medicaid.

Pervez’s scheme involved paying patients with HIV to forgo their medication and billing Medicaid for the prescription drugs, cheating our state while risking the health of New Yorkers.
Yom Kippur is a time for atonement and self-reflection, and I wish everyone observing this holy day a meaningful and easy fast.

G'mar chatima tova.
I'm joining @TheJusticeDept's fight and supporting its lawsuit against Texas' abortion ban.

When I say I will always do everything in my power to protect the constitutional right to choose in our nation, I mean it.
These communities face disproportionate burdens of pollution and climate change, and as we've seen this summer, these harms are only getting more severe.

All Americans deserve the right to clean air, clean water, and a safe and healthy environment.
For too long, low-income and communities of color have faced threats to their health and safety from environmental injustice and climate change.

I'm leading 20 AGs to urge Congress to take immediate action to prioritize the health and safety of our most vulnerable communities.
A judge ruled in favor of our lawsuit to shut down the cryptocurrency trading platform @coinseedapp and installed a permanent receiver to protect investors' funds.

Coinseed can no longer continue its fraudulent and illegal conduct that cheated investors out of millions. https://t.co/ItfYTzv7Zi
I'm forcing GTV Media Group and its parent company, Saraca Media Group, to pay nearly half a billion for selling stocks and digital currencies in New York without registering with the state.

No matter how powerful or rich, companies in New York must play by the rules.
My office is hosting a community gun buyback event with @westchestergov, @WestchesterDA, and the @NewRochelleNY Police Department on Friday, September 17 from 11AM-2PM at the Bethesda Baptist Church.

No ID is needed and no questions will be asked. https://t.co/mryjO60WI2
20 years ago, the terror attacks of September 11 left New York and our nation forever changed.

20 years later, we've rebuilt stronger.

We will always remember and pay tribute to those we lost and the first responders who risked their lives to save fellow Americans. #NeverForget
Yesterday, I met with @CountyExecBello to discuss the continued impact of the opioid crisis in Monroe County and how funds from my office's recent settlements will go directly to treatment, prevention, and outreach efforts in our communities.

We will end this crisis in New York. https://t.co/oNDocJO9Qy
In the last few months, we've delivered up to $1.5 billion to New York. These funds will go towards preventing future devastation from opioids.

Every dollar we get is another dollar we can use to combat the opioid crisis and save another New Yorker's life.
Once again, we're ensuring the companies responsible for the opioid epidemic are held accountable.

Endo Health Solutions will pay $50 million that will go directly into communities across New York for treatment, prevention, and recovery programs.
No-poach agreements can thwart competition and prevent workers from obtaining better job opportunities.

We're forcing @OldRepTitle, one of the nation's largest title insurance companies, to end its use of no-poach agreements to protect working New Yorkers.
Rochester has seen record levels of gun violence and deaths this year, and we need to be united in our efforts to protect all of our communities.

I met with students and pastors of @CameronCM48 to talk about how we can curb gun violence across Rochester and New York. https://t.co/zPN3SZqJNP
It's paramount that Congress take action and pass the Black Maternal Health Momnibus Act, and I thank @SenSchumer for championing this legislation.
The Black Maternal Health Momnibus Act will establish equitable access to health care and give offices like mine the ability to hold health care providers who discriminate accountable.

We need to provide Black moms with the quality maternal care they've long deserved.
In America, the disparities in access to quality health care has led to Black mothers dying at far higher rates than white mothers. Action is long overdue.

I’m with @SenSchumer in Rochester today to urge Congress to pass the Black Maternal Health Momnibus Act. https://t.co/QbqcAVPBOv
After an investigation with @DEAHQ, we busted a 12-person cocaine trafficking ring operating in Western New York and seized over $500,000 worth of cocaine.

We will continue to get drug trafficking rings off our streets and keep New Yorkers safe.
South Carolina's Fetal Heartbeat and Protection from Abortion Act is yet another attempt to strip away the constitutional right to an abortion.

I'm fighting in court to strike this law down and protect access to abortion services.
For years, Dawer Nadi defrauded New York’s Medicaid program for his own personal gain and provided dental services without a medical license.

After trying to evade justice, today, we're holding him accountable for his crimes: Mr. Nadi has been convicted and will go to prison.
Excluding Puerto Rico and other U.S. territories from nationwide federal aid programs is yet another policy deeply rooted in discrimination and racism.

I'm urging the Supreme Court to reject this policy and treat all Americans fairly, especially those who need it most.
The major disaster declaration approved by @POTUS will go a long way toward helping communities across New York City recover from the damage caused by Ida.

I'm proud to stand with the President in Queens today and thank the administration for taking action to help us rebuild. https://t.co/niSBDkJuKq
Let's call this legislation what it really is: another attack on communities of color and our democracy.

Voting is sacred, and from Texas to New York and Washington DC, we must keep fighting to ensure everyone has fair access to the polls.
https://t.co/THwhYe7ZiN
#ShanahTovah to everyone in the Jewish community celebrating #RoshHashanah!

May you have a happy, healthy, and sweet new year.
J’Ouvert and the West Indian Day Parade are a celebration of West Indian culture and all the beauty and richness these communities have brought to New York.

Enjoy this year’s virtual festivities, and I can’t wait to march with you next year.
Labor is the backbone of our state and nation.

This #LaborDay and every day, we thank the essential workers on the frontlines of this pandemic, the first responders that support our communities, and all of the workers across our state.

New York will always fight for you.
We've all got to do our part to protect our families and communities from #COVID19.

Save lives. Get vaccinated.
The abortion ban in Texas is horrifying, and while we fight back, let’s not forget the struggles we face in our own backyards in New York.
 
Read my op-ed about how we’re protecting reproductive rights for New Yorkers.
https://t.co/X1e6Mx5Y81
I’m calling on New York City to provide special emergency housing vouchers to all New Yorkers living in unregulated basement apartments.

We saw the devastation caused by Ida, and we cannot risk another New Yorker losing their life due to unsafe but desperately needed housing.
The Excluded Workers Program provides desperately needed aid for New Yorkers, many of whom were on the frontlines when we needed them most.

I'm grateful to the legislature for passing this program and pleased to see that funds are getting into the pockets of New Yorkers.
Jessica Clarke has spent her career, including the past two years in my office, defending civil rights and upholding the rule of law, and I know she would continue this critical work on the bench.

Congratulations, Jessica.
https://t.co/UCadyB80eC
Separately, we found four asbestos investigators repeatedly filed false asbestos inspection reports, risking the health and safety of workers and New York City residents.

Our investigation found these individuals filed the reports when they were out of the state and country.
Ten people and corporations were indicted for stealing over $15 million in a bid-rigging scheme targeting government agencies for moving services intended to help domestic violence survivors and other crime victims in desperate need of relocation services.
https://t.co/QrEEFoQxb7
I'm committed to cracking down on corruption across New York, no matter how big or small.

We're announcing two sets of indictments with @NYC_DOI against bad actors who tried to exploit New Yorkers and our state.

⬇️⬇️⬇️
The @FDNY, our EMS workers, bus operators, @TWULocal100, @NYPDnews, and all of our first responders have worked tirelessly to keep our communities safe and get New York City up and running.

I know I speak for all of NYC when I say we are grateful.
Thank you to our first responders and all those who have stepped up to support their neighbors and our communities.

It’s devastating to lose lives to this storm, and my heart is with everyone who has been impacted.
New Yorkers: stay home if you’re able to today.

Check on your neighbors and loved ones and stay safe while we clean up from this storm. https://t.co/9lARZ8xltP
RT @MTA: Service across our system is extremely limited as we work to recover from last night's heavy rainfall and flooding.

Stay home if…
The @NYSFair is a cornerstone of summers in New York, and I'm grateful to have spent the day meeting New Yorkers and celebrating the best fair in our nation.
 
Be sure to plan your trip before it ends on September 6! https://t.co/nQKIDf1MJL
Got to meet the newest furry member of the @nyspolice, Nala! 

Thank you for the work you do every day to keep New Yorkers safe. https://t.co/DTHBmwBpL4
We had to swing by the @NYSFair's butter sculpture, a cornerstone of the fair, to see the amazing 800-pound work of art. 

Also, took a quick New York milk &amp; cookie break! https://t.co/C7hQ0uoLbO
We stopped by the Pan-African village to celebrate New York's rich African American history, take a drum lesson, and visit with our friends at @SyracuseNAACP. https://t.co/PyFtNHCxlK
The @NYSFair is back and I’m excited to spend the day at the fair and celebrate everything our great state has to offer. https://t.co/sTecJhF5kF
Access to abortion is a fundamental right and these laws denying that right are deeply dangerous to our health, our personal freedoms, and our justice system. 

We will continue to fight back to protect this right for Texans and all Americans. #MyBodyMyChoice
We're holding the manufacturers and distributors of opioids accountable for their roles in fueling this crisis and secured over a billion dollars in funds that will go directly toward prevention, treatment, and education programs in New York.

Ending this epidemic is a priority.
On Overdose Awareness Day, I'm thinking of the countless lives lost from addiction to opioids and other substances and those still struggling.

The opioid epidemic has wreaked havoc on our communities, and I'm committed to ending this crisis and preventing future devastation.
The #COVID19 vaccine is safe, effective, and it saves lives.

Don't wait. Help protect our communities. Get vaccinated.
In 2021 alone, we've seen over 400 bills across the country trying to restrict voting provisions, many aimed with pinpoint precision at Black voters.

Whether in Georgia or here at home in New York, I'm fighting these efforts to turn back the clock.
58 years ago, hundreds of thousands gathered for the March on Washington to call for racial justice, including voting rights.
  
58 years later, those voting rights are still under attack.

For the sake of our democracy, we must protect the right to vote in our nation.
Last weekend, we collected 98 firearms at our gun buyback event in Utica.
 
Since 2019, we have taken over 2,000 guns out of our communities to tackle the gun violence epidemic head-on.
https://t.co/EBnk5jybzK
Today is a devastating day for our country, and for all the brave people who have sacrificed for our nation.

I pray for those we lost today and in the many years of this conflict, and for the safety of all our servicemembers and the Afghan people.
https://t.co/obPfhb55gj
As states like Georgia and Texas continue to enact laws to make it harder for communities of color to vote, I will use every power to safeguard this sacred right for all New Yorkers.
Once again, the courts have ruled in favor of our lawsuit against the Rensselaer County Board of Elections for failing to provide accessible early voting locations to Troy residents, especially in communities of color.

As a result, the BOE must identify these new sites by 9/3. https://t.co/hk00lwPsPh
Congratulations to State Senator Brian Benjamin on being appointed our next Lieutenant Governor.

@NYSenBenjamin has long been a champion for communities in New York City, and I know he will continue this fight for all New Yorkers.
On #WomensEqualityDay, we recognize both the progress we've made and the fact that women still face barriers to true equality.

From protecting voting rights to passing the #ERA, defending access to reproductive care, and fighting for equal pay, we still have work to do.
Equal access to housing is a basic right that should be afforded to everyone.
 
@HUDgov must reinstate the pre-Trump era disparate impact rule to protect Americans against housing discrimination and give states the tools we need to enforce anti-discrimination laws in housing.
I look forward to continuing to work with her and the entire incoming administration.
Today is a historic day for New Yorkers with the swearing in of our first female governor, @KathyHochul.

I congratulate Governor Hochul on this incredible accomplishment and wish her well in her new role building on the progress of our great state.
Price gouging on essential goods and services during a state of emergency is illegal, and that includes those who try to exploit New Yorkers in the aftermath of Hurricane #Henri.

If you believe you've been a victim of price gouging, contact my office:
https://t.co/EdRaox12am
RT @NWSNewYorkNY: Flash Flood Warning including New York NY, Brooklyn NY, Manhattan NY until 5:45 PM EDT https://t.co/YhruEPlzqu
RT @redcrossny: 6 shelters now open across #LongIsland:
Nassau Community College, 1 Education Dr, Garden City
Brentwood HS, 5th Ave &amp; 1st S…
Flooding and storm surge is expected to continue throughout the region.

Don’t travel through water covered roadways and follow @NHC_Atlantic for updates and resources. https://t.co/2Ma33DNF3B
As #Henri continues to impact areas across New York, stay home if you’re able to.

Check in on your neighbors and loved ones and continue to follow your local weather officials.
The current forecast for #Henri could bring hurricane and tropical storm conditions to parts of New York.

New Yorkers should start preparing now. Follow your local weather officials and most importantly, have a plan to stay safe.
Today, my office is hosting a community gun buyback event with the @UticaPolice from 10AM-1PM at the Utica Recreation Center.
 
No ID is needed and no questions will be asked.
 
Join us: https://t.co/6nz43D1OJE
Ghost guns are just as dangerous as traditional firearms, yet our laws don't reflect that reality.
 
In order to crack down on gun violence and protect our communities, the @ATFHQ must finalize rules that ensure ghost guns are regulated as real firearms under federal law.
Leslie Montgomery has been indicted for stealing over $4 million through a Medicaid fraud scheme.

Montgomery advertised a sham housing program to steal people's personal information and used it to falsely bill Medicaid for fake services.

In New York, fraud won't go unchecked.
My office is hosting a community gun buyback event with the @UticaPolice this Saturday, August 21 from 10AM-1PM at the Utica Recreation Center.

No ID is needed and no questions will be asked.

We're committed to ending the gun violence epidemic in New York. https://t.co/EygVAX1arM
Today, the @EPA took a critical step to protect the health and safety of all Americans by banning the use of chlorpyrifos.

We sued the former administration’s EPA to ban this toxic pesticide because it has no business on our food or in our bodies. https://t.co/5WRd1xvbp3
A judge ruled in favor of our lawsuit against the former owner of Bumpy’s, a popular ice cream shop in Schenectady, for harassing, intimidating, and filing false, race-based police reports against peaceful #BLM protesters. 

Racism will never be tolerated in New York. https://t.co/0YGq32sP7T
We're hosting a community gun buyback event with the @UticaPolice this Saturday, August 21 from 10AM-1PM at the Utica Recreation Center.  
 
No ID is needed and no questions will be asked. 
 
We'll continue to do all we can to get guns off our streets and protect our communities. https://t.co/eFQLegIbAX
Georgia's recent voting law serves but one purpose — to continue generations of oppressive actions that disenfranchise the votes and voices of Black people.

@AGKarlRacine and I are leading a group of AGs to support @TheJusticeDept's lawsuit to overturn this discriminatory law.
The situation unfolding in Haiti right now is devastating, and we must do all we can to support the Haitian people today and in the months to come. 

My thoughts and prayers are with them and our Haitian communities here in New York.
A legitimate employer will never ask you to purchase gift cards in order to pay clients or for other business purchases. 

I urge all New Yorkers to be on the alert for this type of fraud, and to contact my office if you've been targeted by this scam: 

https://t.co/mTKoJOlysN
CONSUMER ALERT: We're warning New Yorkers about the "Boss Scam," a common text and email scam where fraudsters pose as a consumer’s employer and request gift cards for fake work emergencies. https://t.co/XfQM4uhWWU
We reached a landmark agreement with @UHC to deliver $14 million to consumers who were unlawfully denied coverage for mental health care.

There must be no barrier for New Yorkers seeking health care of any kind, and I will always fight to protect and expand it.
During the pandemic, we have been reminded of the critical need to protect our workers and ensure they have better pay, benefits, and working conditions. 

In honor of all the workers who have sacrificed so much and the late Richard Trumka, the U.S. Senate must pass the PRO Act.
I know our state is in good hands with Lieutenant Governor Hochul at the helm, and I look forward to continuing to work with her.
I thank Governor Cuomo for his contributions to our state. 

The ascension of our Lieutenant Governor, Kathy Hochul, will help New York enter a new day. 

We must continue to build on the progress already made and improve the lives of New Yorkers in every corner of the state.
Today, closes a sad chapter for all of New York, but it’s an important step towards justice.
We will cooperate fully with the Albany sheriff and turn over all evidence related to this complainant.

Similarly, we will cooperate with all law enforcement agencies, as appropriate.
As the Delta variant becomes more prominent, it is more important than ever for New Yorkers to get the #COVID19 vaccine.

Help save lives. Get vaccinated.
CONSUMER ALERT:
 
The sale or distribution of fake #COVID19 vaccine cards is illegal and puts the health of our communities at risk.
 
Any New Yorker that knows of a #COVID19 vaccination card scam should contact my office:
 
https://t.co/7XEKbPGVY5
Fifty-six years ago, the Voting Rights Act became law.
 
Yet, today, the right to vote is still under attack. Congress must act to protect our democracy and the right for every American's voice to be heard at the polls.
Whether it's taking down gun trafficking rings, hosting community gun buyback events, or cracking down on the makers of untraceable ghost guns, I'm using every tool at my disposal to fight gun violence.

We will keep working tirelessly to protect communities across New York.
Today I met with the @WhiteHouse and several AGs to talk about how we can work together to stop the gun violence that’s plaguing communities across the country and hold gun manufacturers accountable for their roles in this epidemic.

We're tackling gun violence from every angle.
Richard Trumka spent his life fighting for working people across our country, and his powerful legacy will continue to live on.
 
I'm thinking of his family, loved ones, and the entire @AFLCIO community. May he rest in peace.
Read the full report here:
 
https://t.co/OI8OxCN8bA
My statement on the independent investigation into the alleged sexual harassment claims against Governor Cuomo: https://t.co/DfBC0xaI37
I'm making a major announcement today at 11AM.

Tune in:

https://t.co/4GZwEB0u8U
There's nothing more important to our nation's democracy than the right to vote in free and fair elections.

Congress must immediately pass legislation to defend against voter suppression and attacks on the integrity of our elections.
Last weekend in Syracuse, we had our most successful community gun buyback event to date.

We're going to continue to protect communities across New York and combat gun violence head-on.
https://t.co/XwA4JTeLq9
The best thing you can do to protect yourself and your loved ones from #COVID19 is to get vaccinated.

Do your part. Save lives. Get the vaccine.
After years of unregulated air pollution from other states into New York, we sued the previous admin’s EPA to crack down on dangerous smog that harms our communities.

Today, the @EPA is taking action and enforcing critical rules to protect New Yorkers and the air we breathe.
#COVID19 vaccine misinformation on Facebook has led to lower vaccination rates in minority communities, especially in Latino communities.

I'm leading a group of organizations and elected officials to urge @Facebook to do more to combat these dangerous lies. https://t.co/WXV1d31Zcs
Women across this nation shouldn't have to fight for their constitutional right to choose.

I'm supporting a Biden administration rule that would protect abortion coverage for women and negate a Trump-era rule that made it harder for women to access abortion services.
The infrastructure bill is an important step forward, but communities across New York and our nation need funding for public housing.

Public housing is infrastructure and it should be included in this deal.
RT @MayorMadden: @TroyCityHall @SchdyCityHall @MayorSheehan Today’s enforcement actions are funded by @NewYorkStateAG, through the Local In…
The student debt crisis has been exacerbated by companies seeking to profit off hardworking students, and we must create safeguards that protect them from misconduct.

Thank you @SenWarren and the Senate Banking Committee for inviting me to testify about protecting our students.
RT @SenWarren: Three months after my first @SenateBanking Subcommittee hearing on student loans, it’s even clearer that the program is at a…
Today, I'm testifying before the Senate Banking Committee to talk about the challenges facing student loan borrowers, how to protect them, and my office's work to hold student loan servicers accountable for their misconduct.

Tune in at 3PM ET:
https://t.co/CG7VI3mXED
RT @AFTunion: TODAY at 3 p.m. EDT: @rweingarten and NY AG @TishJames will testify before the @SenateBanking committee hearing on student de…
The gun violence epidemic is devastating communities in Albany and across our state.

We’re working hard to get these dangerous firearms off of our streets and end this crisis.
https://t.co/X2tCPwMDWA
Today marks 31 years since the Americans with Disabilities Act became law, giving much needed basic rights and accessibility to those with disabilities in our country.

We must work to ensure accessibility and inclusivity remains a right to everyone in America. #ADA31
Today, we recovered 342 firearms at our community gun buyback event in Syracuse, our most successful buyback.
 
Every gun that was turned in today represents a potential tragedy averted, and I'm grateful to the New Yorkers who came out to participate. https://t.co/s6fLrhlDKk
Everyone deserves to work in a safe environment free of sexual harassment and discrimination.
https://t.co/WcJevVukBW
Mañana, 24 de julio, estamos organizando un evento de recompra de armas de la comunidad con @Syracuse1848 de 10AM-2PM para sacar las armas peligrosas de nuestras calles y proteger nuestras comunidades.

No se necesita identificación y no se harán preguntas. https://t.co/zbiCzcVsLp
Tomorrow, July 24, we're hosting a community gun buyback event with @Syracuse1848 from 10AM-2PM to get dangerous guns off of our streets and protect our communities.
 
No ID is needed and no questions will be asked. https://t.co/X3Qq1uLn4x
Sexual harassment is unacceptable for anyone, anywhere, no matter how powerful the perpetrator.

Today, we move one step closer to remedying workplace harassment. I thank the women and men who came forward and bravely shared their stories.
Our four-year investigation found that Batali, Bastianich, and their management company, B&amp;B Hospitality, engaged in unwanted sex discrimination and retaliation, including inappropriate touching and other sexual advances.
For years, famed chef Mario Batali and Joseph Bastianich allowed sexual harassment and misconduct in their New York City restaurants.

Today, my office is holding them accountable and providing $600K to the survivors of this abhorrent behavior.
https://t.co/S2MWeqCurV
In the afternoon, we went to Newburgh to talk with elected officials and local leaders about how we can combat violence in the community and rebound from #COVID19. https://t.co/5nYdQdoRUX
I spent the day in the Hudson Valley to talk about issues affecting New Yorkers.
 
First, we spent the morning in Poughkeepsie with housing advocates, organizations, and elected officials to discuss housing and tenant issues impacting the region. https://t.co/WXqjNWAtU1
Good luck to all of the New York athletes competing in the #Olympics.

Thank you for representing our great state and nation on the world stage. You make us proud. https://t.co/oXt8L8IYy8
RT @CNYCN: HOMEOWNERS: Join the Homeowner Help Desk for a virtual event on how to protect your home and navigate complex tax lien issues wi…
Como parte de nuestros esfuerzos para poner fin a la crisis de la violencia en nuestras comunidades, estamos organizando un evento de recompra de armas con el Departamento de Policía de @CityOfNewburgh mañana, 22 de julio 12PM-4PM.

No se necesita ID y no se harán preguntas. https://t.co/73G1wf8cdW
As part of our continued efforts to end the gun violence crisis in our communities, we're hosting a community gun buyback event with the @CityOfNewburgh Police Department tomorrow, July 22, from 12PM-4PM.
 
No ID is needed and no questions will be asked. https://t.co/JUxsIS6Sww
These funds will go to communities across New York and the nation to help end this crisis.

We will continue to do everything we can to prevent future devastation from opioids.
As part of a historic global settlement, @JNJNews, @McKesson, @cardinalhealth, and @Healthcare_ABC will pay $26 billion for their roles in the opioid crisis.

Up to $1.25 billion will go to New York under settlements we previously announced with these companies.
New Yorkers: The child tax credit is meant to help families with the financial burden of #COVID19, and it's illegal for institutions to try to seize this crucial relief.

If anyone tries to take these funds, contact my office:

1-800-771-7755
Ending this crisis is a priority: In the past month, we also delivered $230 million from @JNJNews and $4.5 billion from Purdue Pharma to hold them accountable for their roles in fueling this destruction.

These funds will be vital to prevent future devastation caused by opioids.
This is a monumental step to provide our communities with funds for treatment and prevention programs to fight this crisis and to hold @McKesson, @cardinalhealth, and @Healthcare_ABC accountable.

Our trial against the 3 remaining opioid manufacturers continues.
#BREAKING: Three of the nation's largest opioid distributors will pay up to $1.1 billion to New York for their roles in fueling the opioid crisis that has wreaked havoc on communities across our state.

This is the largest monetary agreement my office has negotiated since 2019.
Eid Mubarak to everyone celebrating Eid al-Adha.

I’m wishing you all a joyous Eid as we mark the end of the Hajj and come together for a special time of prayer and reflection. #EidalAdha
This pandemic isn't over, and the best way to protect yourself and those around you from #COVID19 is to get the vaccine.

Save lives. Get Vaccinated.
When Eric Garner was killed, thousands across our country took to the streets to demand justice and accountability for a life that mattered.

In honor of their memories, we commit to continue to fight for justice and equality in this nation.
Today, I'm thinking of John Lewis and Eric Garner.

From the Selma Bridge to the March on Washington, John Lewis spent his life fighting to make a nation he loved work for everyone, one where every voice was truly heard.
Estamos organizando un evento de recompra de armas con el Dept de Policía de @CityOfNewburgh el jueves, 22 de julio, de 12PM-4PM. No se necesita identificación y no se harán preguntas.

Seguimos trabajando para sacar las armas de nuestras calles y proteger a nuestras comunidades. https://t.co/hG0h8Cst06
We're hosting a community gun buyback event with the @CityOfNewburgh Police Department on Thursday, July 22, from 12PM-4PM.

No ID is needed and no questions will be asked.

We're continuing our work to get guns off of our streets and protect our communities from gun violence. https://t.co/eRvrmL1CBZ
Hervis Rogers was simply trying to fulfill his civic duty, but now he's potentially facing decades in prison.
 
This is a clear attempt to intimidate voters, deter participation, and stoke fears of fake voter fraud. #JusticeForHervis

https://t.co/YrqkVFdzfQ
Our country is in the throes of dual crises, with opioids and drugs causing a record number of overdose deaths last year.

We're working tirelessly to get funds for treatment, prevention, and education programs as fast as possible.
https://t.co/PcaCBqSyLo
From taking on the manufacturers and distributors fueling the opioid crisis to cracking down on those who are illegally trafficking opioids and other drugs across New York, we're tackling this crisis from every angle.

Those who endanger our communities will be held accountable.
We busted a major drug trafficking ring operating throughout New York, Massachusetts, and Pennsylvania.

In our third major action in the past month, 16 individuals have been charged for their roles in flooding our communities with tens of thousands of opioid pills and cocaine.
My office has returned $427K to New Yorkers in Westchester who paid deposits for events that were canceled due to the #COVID19 pandemic.

We've returned almost $800K back to New Yorkers who faced #COVID19 cancelations, and we will keep fighting for more.
https://t.co/8Rgs8SGbqw
For years, @TIAA made hundreds of millions by misleading clients and pressuring them into higher-fee retirement accounts.

We're holding TIAA accountable and putting $97 million back into the pockets of hardworking New Yorkers. My office will always go after corporate greed.
Car crashes are the leading cause of death for children aged 1 to 13, and we need to ensure that parents have the right information to keep kids safe.

@NHTSAgov must improve safety standards for child car seats with better guidance for families and side-impact testing standards.
My office has been cracking down on illegal drug trafficking and violent crime since day one.

We're going to continue to hold accountable those who try to endanger our communities.
https://t.co/4gxWEZfec3
Today, we collected 196 firearms at our community gun buyback event with @NiagaraFallsPD.

Thank you to the New Yorkers who came out to help bring an end to the gun violence crisis in our communities. https://t.co/3flhPYxhsJ
We filed this lawsuit because @Google shouldn't be allowed to make billions off of an illegal monopoly that quashes competition.
https://t.co/ZpbbgQt4xc
Hoy, mi oficina está organizando un evento de recompra de armas con @NiagaraFallsPD de 10AM-2PM.

No se necesita identificación, no se harán preguntas, y los protocolos de seguridad #COVID19 estarán en efecto. Debemos hacer todo lo posible para sacar las armas de nuestras calles. https://t.co/6JoSkynAFn
Today, my office is hosting a community gun buyback event with @NiagaraFallsPD from 10AM-2PM.

No ID is needed, no questions will be asked, and #COVID19 safety protocols will be in effect.

We must do everything we can to get guns off our streets. https://t.co/PLsuhp35UZ
Estamos organizando un evento de recompra de armas con @NiagaraFallsPD mañana, 10 de julio, de 10AM-2PM.

No se necesita identificación, no se harán preguntas, y los protocolos de seguridad #COVID19 estarán en efecto.

Debemos hacer todo lo posible para combatir la violencia. https://t.co/cPuHaQ0K7V
We're hosting a community gun buyback event with @NiagaraFallsPD tomorrow, July 10, from 10AM-2PM.
 
No ID is needed, no questions will be asked, and #COVID19 safety protocols will be in effect.
 
We must do all we can to combat gun violence. https://t.co/al3giklk7U
We're putting $590K back into the pockets of employees of the JFK airline service contractor Eulen America after the company spent years violating minimum wage laws in New York.

All workers in New York deserve to be paid for their work.
Deed theft continues to threaten homeowners, especially elderly New Yorkers in communities of color.

My office will continue to ensure these schemers are brought to justice because no one should have to fear that their homes will be stolen from them.
After an investigation by my office, Joseph Makhani has been indicted for stealing two Harlem brownstones through deed theft and mortgage fraud.

Makhani claimed to have paid only $10 for each home, and they are now valued at $2.29M and $1.9M.
While no amount of money will ever compensate for the thousands who lost their lives or became addicted to opioids, these funds will quickly be used to end any future devastation.

Ending this epidemic continues to be one of our top priorities.
We're holding Purdue Pharma and the Sackler family accountable for their role in fueling the opioid crisis. $4.5 billion will go to prevention, treatment, and recovery programs in communities across the US.
 
Purdue will shut down and the Sacklers will never make opioids again.
We won’t allow companies to illegally quash competition so they can make billions.

We are seeking to end Google’s monopoly power and fight for millions of consumers and small business owners in New York and beyond.
Google has left millions of Android users and app developers with no option but to use the Google Play Store.

This is raising prices for consumers and squeezing millions of small businesses that are trying to compete.
I'm co-leading a bipartisan coalition of 37 AGs in a lawsuit against @Google for its unlawful and anticompetitive conduct around its mobile app store.

This is our second lawsuit against Google in the last six months as we seek to protect consumers and competition.
Since day one, cracking down on violent crime and protecting our communities has been my priority.

Let this serve as a warning: this dangerous, illegal activity will not be tolerated in New York.
We charged 78 people for their roles in these illegal operations and seized about $2 million worth of cocaine, heroin, and other drugs and 15 firearms, including 9 ghost guns.

These communities have been ravaged by gun violence, and we're getting these guns off our streets.
We busted two major drug trafficking rings that have been flooding Central New York with dangerous narcotics.
 
This region has faced record levels of violence, and we're making good on our commitment to protect our communities and hold those who endanger them accountable. https://t.co/3MQ8NN3FNL
The essential workers of New York risked their lives to keep our city and state afloat and save our families and friends.

Let’s honor these heroes today and let’s make sure they are treated with dignity and respect forever. https://t.co/LgRIklysCC
As the state's chief law enforcement officer, I look forward to enforcing this new law and I stand ready to defend it against all legal challenges.

I thank @SenatorMyrie, @PatriciaFahy109, @NYGovCuomo, and all the advocates who worked on this important legislation.
Today, New York took a big step to bring an end to the blanket immunity given to gun manufacturers and distributors for their negligence.

Now, New York can finally hold these manufacturers and distributors accountable and protect our citizens from gun violence.
I am saddened to hear about the passing of the Honorable William Pauley. Judge Pauley dedicated his life to the rule of law and making sure marginalized voices were heard, most notably NYCHA residents put in harm’s way.

My deepest condolences go out to his family and loved ones.
My office is hosting a community gun buyback event with @NiagaraFallsPD at the St. John's African Methodist Episcopal Church on Saturday, July 10 from 10AM-2PM. 
 
No ID is needed, no questions will be asked, and #COVID19 safety protocols will be in effect. 
 
Join us: https://t.co/TrZEoF0fgW
Happy 4th of July, New York! 
 
Today, we celebrate our nation's democracy and independence. https://t.co/hesyh0ekCZ
This week, we began our trial against the manufacturers and distributors of opioids to expose their deadly pattern of misconduct that has claimed countless lives across New York and the country. 
 
We're committed to holding them accountable. 
 
https://t.co/wQMphH3K9m
My statement on today’s indictment: https://t.co/Z4jBsVrrlP
Tonight we collected 147 firearms at our community gun buyback event with @clarkstownpd and @RocklandDA in Rockland County.

Getting these dangerous weapons off our streets is essential to ending gun violence and protecting our communities. https://t.co/taf9KiMja7
Mi oficina está organizando un evento de recompra de armas de la comunidad con @clarkstownpd y @RocklandDA en Nanuet hoy de 4PM-7PM.

No se necesita identificación, no se harán preguntas, y los protocolos de seguridad #COVID19 estarán en efecto.

Únase a nosotros: https://t.co/5M7Hk1ZEgY
My office is hosting a community gun buyback event with @clarkstownpd and @RocklandDA in Nanuet today from 4PM-7PM.
 
No ID is needed, no questions will be asked, and #COVID19 safety protocols will be in effect.
 
Join us: https://t.co/cLJGHtIrBi
Thank you to the advocates, families, @NYSenatorRivera, @AMCarrieWoerner, and @NYGovCuomo for working with my office over the last six months to get this law passed.
With this bill being signed into law, funds recovered from opioid settlements and litigation will go where they’re needed: to fund prevention, education, and treatment programs.

This is a massive step in our efforts to end the opioid epidemic and provide justice to its victims. https://t.co/EPrpoGFhAT
As we fight to end these companies’ unlawful conduct and hold them accountable for this destruction, we know no amount of money will compensate for the pain our communities have experienced.

We are committed to pushing every dollar possible into preventing future devastation.
Today, the eyes of the world are on New York as we begin our trial against several manufacturers and distributors of opioids.

The opioid epidemic has wreaked havoc on New Yorkers, but now, the dangerous and deadly actions that led us here will no longer be kept quiet.
Mi oficina está organizando un evento de recompra de armas de la comunidad con @clarkstownpd y @RocklandDA en Nanuet este miércoles, 30 de junio, de 4PM-7PM.

No se necesita identificación, no se harán preguntas, y los protocolos de seguridad #COVID19 estarán en efecto.

Únase : https://t.co/9ZI3VLsMXy
My office is hosting a community gun buyback event with @clarkstownpd and @RocklandDA in Nanuet this Wednesday, June 30, from 4PM-7PM.

No ID is needed, no questions will be asked, and #COVID19 safety protocols will be in effect.

Join us: https://t.co/Q87R88eJBo
Trans rights are human rights, and this is a big victory.

We supported Gavin Grimm in this case, and we will always work to ensure all of our communities have equal protection under the law.
https://t.co/zRF5Y4PjsD
As a result of the #COVID19 pandemic, many consumers are more financially vulnerable than ever before.

Congress must pass the Consumer Protection and Recovery Act so our federal partners at the @FTC can have the resources they need to protect consumers.
The opioid epidemic has devastated communities across New York, and Johnson &amp; Johnson helped fuel this fire.

We held @JNJNews accountable, and we remain committed to ending this crisis.
https://t.co/DnY7tP7gZ5
While this year's #pride parade isn't quite the same as past years, it's still a great day to celebrate love.
 
Happy #Pride, New York. https://t.co/wuzjOOptzE
Today we collected 79 firearms at our buyback event in Poughkeepsie with @poughkeepsiePD.

As we continue to work tirelessly to end the gun violence epidemic, I thank New Yorkers for coming out and doing their part to protect our communities. https://t.co/WpLVPmxRXA
Six years ago, the Supreme Court issued a landmark ruling that declared same-sex marriage constitutional nationwide.
 
Today we celebrate this historic progress and commit to the work we still have ahead of us in the fight for true LGBTQ+ equality. https://t.co/YJAfZMaGJO
This is a major step in our fight to end the opioid epidemic, but our work isn't over.

Our trial against the remaining defendants starts next week, and we will lay bare their callous and deadly misconduct which destroyed the lives of far too many New Yorkers.
No amount of money will ever compensate for the countless lives lost or those who became addicted to opioids across our state, but these funds will be used to prevent future devastation.
#BREAKING: Johnson &amp; Johnson will pay up to $230 million for its role in fueling the opioid crisis that has devastated communities across New York.

As part of our unprecedented settlement, @JNJNews will also stop manufacturing or selling opioids nationwide.
Mi oficina está organizando un evento de recompra de armas con @poughkeepsiePD en la Iglesia Bautista Beulah en Poughkeepsie hoy de 10AM-2PM.

No se necesita identificación, no se harán preguntas, y los protocolos de seguridad #COVID19 estarán en efecto. 
  
Únase a nosotros: https://t.co/gQ8mavkGvT
My office is hosting a community gun buyback event with @poughkeepsiePD at the Beulah Baptist Church in Poughkeepsie today from 10AM-2PM.

No ID is needed, no questions will be asked, and #COVID19 safety protocols will be in effect. 
 
Join us: https://t.co/4R9kaayhNu
RT @gillibrandny: In New York State alone, seniors lose as much as $1.5 billion a year to financial fraud and abuse. So today I joined @New…
Mi oficina organizo un evento de recompra de armas con @poughkeepsiePD en la Iglesia Bautista Beulah en Poughkeepsie mañana, 25 de junio, de 10AM-2PM. No se necesita identificación, no se harán preguntas, y los protocolos de seguridad #COVID19 estarán en efecto.

Únase a nosotros https://t.co/63aRZp3oX4
My office is hosting a community gun buyback event with @poughkeepsiePD at the Beulah Baptist Church in Poughkeepsie tomorrow, June 25, from 10AM-2PM.
 
No ID is needed, no questions will be asked, and #COVID19 safety protocols will be in effect.
 
Join us: https://t.co/dp8KdWu9JK
We must work to ensure that our seniors can live out their golden years in peace and dignity, and we're in the Hudson Valley to talk about how this bill will help make that a reality.
 
I thank @gillibrandny for her leadership on this legislation and urge Congress to pass it. https://t.co/MKKjmTpA4x
I joined @gillibrandny on Bethpage, Long Island to support the passage of the Senior Financial Empowerment Act.

Our seniors have seen an increase in fraud and financial scams since #COVID19, and this legislation will help proactively prevent the exploitation of our seniors. https://t.co/Hg9iMWSwtd
This is another critical step in our efforts to combat violent crime and firearm trafficking, and hold accountable those who seek to cause violent death and injury in our communities.
They have also been linked to the rise in violent crime in the region, including the rise of fatal shootings that have been at the center of this devastation over the past year.
These 47 individuals are connected to two gangs that trafficked large amounts of drugs and used Facebook and Snapchat to sell these drugs and brazenly post pictures of illegal guns in their possession. https://t.co/RI2covz1li
We busted two major drug and firearms trafficking rings that have been operating in and around the Capital Region. 

47 people were indicted for their roles in flooding these communities with heroin, cocaine, and oxycodone, and for illegal possession of firearms. https://t.co/VavpjgC2TK
Ten years ago today, the Marriage Equality Act was signed into law, making New York the sixth and largest state at the time to allow same-sex marriage.
 
Love is love, and we will always work to ensure that remains a reality in New York and across the nation. https://t.co/NBxM3jmVCL
While we celebrate #Pride and recognize all the progress made in the 52 years since Stonewall, the LGBTQ+ community is still fighting every day for their most fundamental rights.

The Senate must pass the Equality Act and codify federal protections for the LGBTQ+ community.
NWCSD’s inaction has shown its students, particularly young women, that the very people charged with ensuring their safety will not protect them when they need it most.

We're going to fight for these survivors and hold this school district accountable.
In violation of Title IX and state law, NWCSD deliberately turned a blind eye to the abuse, harassment, and bullying happening right in its schools.

This caused untold physical, mental, and emotional trauma to students, and jeopardized their education.
In 2019, we launched an investigation into the Niagara Wheatfield Central School District for failing to respond to incidents of sexual assault and bullying in its schools.

Today, we're suing NWCSD to hold the school district accountable for its extreme negligence.
The polls close at 9PM, and if you are in line to vote, stay in line. 

You have the right to cast your ballot. If you have any issues, contact my office immediately:

☎️1-800-771-7755  

✉️election.hotline@ag.ny.gov  

https://t.co/xWwpsAwf96
Commodore Barry Park has been the center of our community for years, and we’ve all worked to ensure it improves for our children.
 
Today's unveiling of its new design will ensure it continues to serve our community to the fullest.
 
Thank you to everyone who made this possible. https://t.co/T7gx8iboG9
A little rain can’t stop these graduates!

I was honored to speak to the graduating seniors of The Beacon School at the @BKCyclones stadium in Coney Island.

Congratulations! https://t.co/zvgInmUO66
This morning, I proudly voted in Brooklyn.

New York, be sure to get out and take advantage of the opportunity to have your voice heard in this primary election, and don’t forget to check the back of your ballot! https://t.co/m6i2iWC7z1
New York: Today is Election Day!

The polls are open until 9PM. Be sure to get out and cast your ballot, and contact my office if you have any issues at the polls.

☎️1-800-771-7755

✉️election.hotline@ag.ny.gov

https://t.co/xWwpsAwf96
For nearly a year, we have had to fight the United States Postal Service tooth and nail to fulfill its mission and provide timely services to Americans.

Instead of fixing its issues, Postmaster General DeJoy wants to make further service cuts, and we're fighting back.
Tomorrow is Election Day in New York!

Make a plan, go vote, and as always, if you have issues at the polls, contact our Election Protection Hotline:

☎️1-800-771-7755

✉️election.hotline@ag.ny.gov

https://t.co/xWwpsAwf96
Today is the last day of early voting in New York ahead of Election Day this Tuesday, June 22.

If you haven't already, get over to the polls and make your voice heard. https://t.co/Uj654q1Uoa
Being a father means all kinds of things.

To every dad, grandfather, uncle, brother, and any other father figure, Happy #FathersDay from New York. https://t.co/mN9k0Abge4
New York: Tomorrow is the last day to vote early before Election Day this Tuesday.

Be sure to get out and vote. It's your right.

⬇️🗳️⬇️🗳️⬇️

https://t.co/J0uryjtb1i
Black people in America remain victims of prejudice and hatred, and we must commit to the work that we still have ahead of us to achieve full freedom and equality.

We will continue to strive for a better, brighter, and more just future for all.
On #Juneteenth, we celebrate our liberation from the painful bounds of slavery and the strides that we've made in the decades since.

But we must also recognize the systemic issues that we continue to face as a nation.
I kicked off this historic #Juneteenth with @NYSA_Majority leader @CarlHeastie in the Bronx.

#Juneteenth is now both a state and federal holiday and that's something we should all be proud of. https://t.co/jcC7IHusyj
These illegal actions by Orange County and the town of Chester were blatantly antisemitic and go against the diversity and inclusivity that New York prides itself on.

Hate and discrimination against any group will not be tolerated in New York.
For years, the town of Chester and Orange County engaged in an effort to stop Jewish families from moving to Chester.

My office filed a lawsuit to stop this harmful conduct, and today, these discriminatory housing practices come to an end. https://t.co/UN5idhVcEa
RT @nynurses: So proud of our @AlbanyMed nurses who stood up for what was right and ended coercive labor contracts! Many thanks to @NewYork…
#Juneteenth is a part of American history, and I’m proud to see it recognized as a national holiday.

I’m thinking of Opal Lee, who spent years advocating for this historic moment and today got to see her work through.
https://t.co/HeS3XJkxNr
We're suing @LearCapital for cheating nearly a thousand New Yorkers, including seniors trying to protect their life savings, out of almost $10 million in precious metal investments.

Our suit seeks to immediately stop Lear's illegal scheme and return millions to those impacted.
We recovered over $90K for seven @nynurses after @AlbanyMed made them pay tens of thousands in illegal fines or face immigration authorities if they tried to leave their jobs.

Nurses are the backbone of our health care system, and I won't tolerate their rights being violated.
For over a decade, the #ACA has been the law of the land, and today’s decision solidifies those protections for generations to come.

We will always fight to defend access to the affordable health coverage Americans depend on. #ProtectOurCare
#BREAKING: In a major victory, the Supreme Court has ruled in our favor and rejected a challenge to dismantle the #ACA.

Today, tens of millions of Americans nationwide can breathe a sigh of relief.
Six years ago, nine people were murdered by a white supremacist at Charleston's Emanuel AME Church.

Today, and every day, we remember their lives, we honor their lives, and we continue to work to end gun violence in this country.
The Women’s Health Protection Act will codify the right to access an abortion in federal law, putting an end to the unnecessary restrictions passed at the state level.

This is about protecting women’s health, protecting their bodies, and protecting their choices.
As states continue to pass laws that seek to unconstitutionally restrict women’s reproductive rights, the time for our federal leaders to finally stand up for women’s health nationwide is now.

I'm leading a coalition to urge Congress to pass the Women’s Health Protection Act.
A judge has ruled in our favor and ordered @Kodak CEO Jim Continenza to publicly testify about his unlawful insider trading during the pandemic.

The facts will now be laid bare before the American people as we continue our work to hold those who violate the law accountable. https://t.co/yKr5QSunHS
CONSUMER ALERT: I'm urging New Yorkers to be vigilant against telephone scams where bad actors are impersonating utility companies to scare consumers into paying off fake delinquent bills.

If you believe you've been a target of this scam, contact my office:

1-800-771-7755
New York: If you weren't able to vote early this weekend, you still have time.

Early voting runs until Sunday, June 20, 2021.

Get out to the polls and contact my office if you have any issues:

https://t.co/48Md6pmSY8
El @PRparadeNYC celebra la cultura puertorriqueña y todo lo que aporta a Nueva York y a toda nuestra nación.

Aunque el desfile de este año es un poco diferente, la celebración nunca cambiará.

¡Pa'lante Puerto Rico! 🇵🇷
The @PRparadeNYC is about celebrating Puerto Rican culture and everything it contributes to New York and our entire nation.

While this year’s parade may look different, the celebration will never change.

Pa'lante Puerto Rico! 🇵🇷
Today we collected 79 firearms at our community gun buyback event in Queens.
 
Queens is experiencing devastating gun violence, and I'm proud to see New Yorkers are doing their part to combat this epidemic and protect our communities. https://t.co/oKQKTZKBGO
New York: Today is the first day of early voting for the primary elections!

Early voting runs today through June 20.

Use the link below to find your early voting polling location, make a plan, and go vote. It's your right.

https://t.co/J0uryjtb1i
Five years ago, 49 lives were taken away from us at the #Pulse nightclub shooting during #pride.
 
Five years later, we remember those we lost and the countless communities impacted by this tragedy.
My office is hosting a community gun buyback event with @QueensDAKatz today from 10AM-4PM in Springfield Gardens.
 
No ID is needed, no questions will be asked, and #COVID19 safety protocols will be in effect.
 
Join us: https://t.co/SVdrdytmRu
New York City voters: In the upcoming primary elections, you’ll be using Ranked Choice Voting for the first time.
 
Here are a few pointers on Ranked Choice Voting before you vote: https://t.co/ulNqQ93rwg
Tomorrow, early voting starts in areas across New York for the primary elections. As always, my office will operate our Election Protection Hotline.

If you have any issues at the polls, let us know:

☎️1-800-771-7755

✉️election.hotline@ag.ny.gov

https://t.co/532eQdCJlI
We're forcing the Erie County Sheriff’s Office to comply with the law and take the proper measures to address and end widespread allegations of sexual misconduct by its correction officers.

New Yorkers deserve transparency and accountability from their law enforcement agencies. https://t.co/kXyq7Gfisw
For the first time, voters in New York City will use Ranked Choice Voting for the upcoming primary elections for local offices.
 
My office put together some tips on how Ranked Choice Voting works: https://t.co/bhTfxsEf0V
My office is hosting a community gun buyback event with @QueensDAKatz in Springfield Gardens this Saturday, June 12, from 10AM-4PM.
 
No ID is needed, no questions will be asked, and #COVID19 safety protocols will be in effect.

Join us: https://t.co/CSUkwMOtGY
Thank you to all the advocates, @NYSenatorRivera, and @AMCarrieWoerner for working tirelessly to get this bill passed.
No amount of money will ever compensate for the thousands who lost their lives, those who became addicted, or the countless families torn apart, but this bill passed today will ensure funds are used to prevent future devastation.
Today, New York took a big step in our effort to end the opioids epidemic and give justice to its victims.
 
New legislation will ensure that funds recovered from opioids settlements go where they're needed: prevention, treatment, and education programs.
Early voting for the upcoming primary elections in New York starts this Saturday, June 12th.
 
Don't wait. Use the link below to find your early voting location, make a plan, and vote early.
 
It's your right.

https://t.co/J0uryjtb1i
RT @NYSenatorRivera: I want to thank @NewYorkStateAG for leading NY's efforts to hold these manufacturers accountable &amp; empower providers h…
When a natural disaster hits, companies should do everything they can to lift up communities and support those suffering.

My office will continue to use every tool at our disposal to protect New Yorkers' wallets.
After Tropical Storm Isaias hit New York last August, @ConEdison failed to provide consumers with the reimbursements it promised for spoiled food and power outages.

We're holding @ConEdison accountable and delivering over $530K to thousands of New Yorkers to make things right.
The court also ordered the Rensselaer County BOE to select a site that would provide Troy voters with fair access to early voting poll sites in advance of the June 2021 primary election.

I will always fight to ensure that New Yorkers have fair access to the polls.
A court ruled in favor of our lawsuit against the Rensselaer County Board of Elections for refusing to provide easily accessible early voting sites to residents in Troy, specifically in communities of color.

This is a major victory in our fight to protect voting rights. https://t.co/x5cXWC8eT6
The @YouthBuildUSA program sets thousands of underprivileged young adults on a path to a successful future through skills training and leadership development.
 
@gillibrandny has been a champion of YouthBuild and today I joined her to call for the support this program deserves. https://t.co/4UvP44NXwV
New York: We are making remarkable progress to bring an end to this pandemic.

Do your part. Get Vaccinated. Save Lives.
Mi oficina está organizando una recompra de armas en la comunidad en Kingston hoy de 10AM-2PM.

No se necesita identificación, no se harán preguntas, y los protocolos de seguridad #COVID19 estarán en efecto. https://t.co/Fwpzww8I2S
My office is hosting a community gun buyback event today from 10AM-2PM in Kingston.

No ID is needed, no questions will be asked, and #COVID19 safety protocols will be in effect.

Join us: https://t.co/o58jkc5gjD
The @NRA dropping its countersuit against our office today is an implicit admission that its strategy would never prevail.

We were victorious against its attempt to declare bankruptcy, and our fight for transparency and accountability will continue. No one is above the law.
My office has worked tirelessly to end gun violence across New York.

We've taken over 940 guns off of our streets through community buyback events.

We've busted major gun trafficking rings &amp; shut down illegal sales of ghost gun parts in NY.

We will keep working to saves lives.
On National Gun Violence Awareness Day, #WearOrange to pay tribute to those we've lost to senseless gun violence.

This weekend, #WearOrange to show your commitment to protecting our communities from senseless gun violence.

We can bring an end to this epidemic. https://t.co/3H8xIXlAG9
The Brooklyn-based gas station, Verrazano Enterprises, stole over $244K in sales tax to fill up its own bank account, and our prosecution pumped the brakes on its illegal operation.  

@NYSTaxDept and I will continue to stop these bad actors from stealing funds from our state.
Junio es el mes de la concienciación sobre la violencia con armas. Mi oficina sigue dedicada a la protección de nuestras comunidades.

Únase a nosotros este sáb., 06/05 de 10AM-2PM, en Kingston para una recompra de armas.

No se necesita identificación y no se harán preguntas. https://t.co/WUdbwOAeLB
June is Gun Violence Awareness Month, and my office remains committed to protecting our communities and getting dangerous guns off of our streets.

Join us this Saturday, June 5th, 2021 from 10AM-2PM for a gun buyback in Kingston. No ID is needed and no questions will be asked. https://t.co/uRS6O2VtsK
Corporate executives don’t get to create their own rules, which is why we are asking the court to order Mr. Continenza to testify publicly so the facts can be exposed before the American people.

We will continue to work to hold those who violate the law accountable.
While leading confidential discussions with the Trump administration to obtain a $655M loan to produce medical supplies for patients with #COVID19, Continenza bought Kodak stock, and subsequently provided its investors with false information about the illegal trading.
As part of our ongoing investigation into @Kodak CEO Jim Continenza, I'm seeking to force Continenza to publicly testify about his unlawful insider trading during the #COVID19 pandemic.

Corporate greed will never go unchecked in New York.
#Pride is a celebration of being who you are.

#Pride is a tribute to the progress achieved by trailblazers who refused to be silenced.

#Pride is a commitment to continuing to fight for the full equality the #LGBTQ+ community deserves.

Happy #Pride, New York.
On #MemorialDay, we honor the heroes who gave their lives for our nation and our freedom.
 
New York will always remember your service with gratitude.
The Tulsa Race Massacre was one of the darkest moments of our nation and it’s too often been omitted from our history books.

Nearly 100 years later, we remember the community known as The Black Wall Street that was lost to this act of terror and the impact it’s had on us all.
This week we scored a big victory for environmental justice on Long Island.

All New Yorkers deserve to live in safe and healthy neighborhoods, period.
https://t.co/TjVKHNZvcL
The Buffalo News agrees that the Police Accountability Act is, “a balanced legislative proposal that recognizes the real dangers faced by police officers while demanding accountability for the unnecessary use of force.” 
https://t.co/9Bj75V2lJA
New York: Today is the LAST DAY to register to vote for the upcoming primary elections on June 22nd, 2021.

If you haven't already, get registered to vote. It's your right.

⬇️🗳️⬇️

https://t.co/FS03ebFshK
It is the government’s responsibility to ensure that every person with the right to vote is able to do so without hardship, and I will do everything in my power to ensure every New Yorker has fair access to the polls.
State law requires the Board of Elections to provide “adequate and equitable access" to voters, yet it has chosen to deny this access to the Troy community, home to the majority of the county's Black, Hispanic, and low-income residents.
I'm suing the Rensselaer County Board of Elections for denying access to early voting sites in communities of color.

The BOE has repeatedly refused to provide easily accessible early voting sites to residents in Troy, the largest city in the county, in violation of state law.
We collected 270 guns, including 20 assault rifles, at our gun buyback event in Rochester last night.

As gun violence continues to plague communities throughout our state, it is essential that these dangerous firearms are now off our streets and out of our homes. https://t.co/tqts8SycJ7
We spent the afternoon visiting small businesses in Brentwood and talking about the impacts #COVID19 has had on the owners and the community. https://t.co/CgUnCqis5k
We will continue to crack down on those who put our communities in jeopardy and protect the right of all New Yorkers to live in safe, healthy neighborhoods. https://t.co/RQkMRvZKDi
The threats of environmental injustice are real and have unfairly plagued communities of color like Brentwood for too long. 

Today, we begin to give back what’s long been due, and hold accountable those responsible for polluting this park with dangerous chemicals.
These funds are the result of our lawsuits against companies that dumped tens of thousands of tons of hazardous construction waste in this park, forcing the park to close for three years and robbing residents of a centerpiece of their community.
For years, Roberto Clemente Park in Brentwood, Long Island was used as an illegal dumping site for hazardous waste, which put children and communities in harm’s way. 

Today, I'm proud to deliver $627K to improve this park and support this community that unfairly suffered.
Kristen Clarke is a trailblazer, and today she made Brooklyn proud once again.

As head of @TheJusticeDept's Civil Rights Division, I know she will continue her work of bettering the lives of others and fighting for marginalized communities.
https://t.co/Ta62sgH9CR
#COVID19 has opened the door to a new array of scams against our senior citizens, and we need to do everything we can to prevent this fraud.
 
I'm leading a coalition of 47 AGs to urge Congress to immediately pass the Fraud and Scam Reduction Act.
We're holding the Upper Allegheny Health System accountable to the tune of $2.7M for allegedly using unsterilized and potentially dangerous tools at dental clinics across the Southern Tier of New York and Pennsylvania.

I won't tolerate anyone who puts patients in harm's way.
A year ago George Floyd was murdered, and our nation finally awoke to systemic injustices in our society many of us have known for too long.

While we honor George Floyd today, we can't lose sight of the work we still have to do.

George Floyd's life mattered. Black Lives Matter.
Pushing someone into the path of an oncoming train is truly sickening.

We cannot tolerate these acts of violence against our communities. I urge anyone with information to contact @NYPDnews.
https://t.co/bPIRrVe8Ka
La violencia con el uso de armas de fuego está afectando a las comunidades de Rochester a niveles históricos. Tenemos que hacer todo lo posible para sacar estas armas peligrosas de las calles.
Organizamos un evento de recompra de armas sin preguntas este miércoles, 5/26, de 4-7PM https://t.co/kdhdmrPmT7
Gun violence is impacting communities in Rochester at record levels, and we need to do everything we can to get these dangerous weapons off our streets.

We're hosting a no-questions-asked gun buyback event this Wednesday, May 26, from 4-7PM. Join us and help spread the news: https://t.co/3PP9KOGUP0
I hope you’ll join us for an important conversation around ending sexual and intimate partner violence this Wednesday at 10:30AM.

Use the link below to register.

https://t.co/iqRpvnabxE
RT @BrooklynDA: We are at @CAMBA's Cornerstone Center - Howard Houses in #Brownsville today for a gun buyback. 

Stop by anytime from now u…
The Police Accountability Act will provide clear and legitimate standards for when the use of force is acceptable and establish real consequences for when a police officer crosses a line.

We're taking bold steps to reform our laws.
https://t.co/2Jn0fMcc8y
There is no place for anti-Semitism or hate of any kind against anyone in New York. 

We must work together to support all our diverse communities and bring an end to abhorrent attacks that hurt us all.
My office is hosting a gun buyback at the Howard Houses Cornerstone Camba in Brooklyn tomorrow, May 22nd, from 10AM-2PM.

No questions will be asked, and identification will not be needed. #COVID19 safety procedures will be in effect. https://t.co/25C1pLXk0J
RT @SenGianaris: Standing with @NewYorkStateAG supporting police reform bills that aim to:
✅ Create more specific police use of force rules…
This is a critical step forward, but it is not a cure all for the ills that have impacted too many families and claimed too many lives.

We will continue to do everything in our power to protect our communities and ensure that no one is beyond the reach of justice.
The Police Accountability Act will make critical and necessary changes to the law, providing clear and legitimate standards for when the use of force is acceptable and enacting real consequences for when an officer crosses that line.
The centerpiece of this effort is to amend the use of force law from one of simple necessity to one of absolute last resort. This legislation also establishes a new criminal offense and penalties for police officers who employ force that is grossly in excess of what is warranted.
In New York, our laws have essentially given police blanket defense to use force in interactions with the public, making it difficult for prosecutors to go after officers who have abused this power.

Not only is that unjust, but it has also proven to be incredibly dangerous.
For too long, police officers have been able to evade accountability for the unjustified use of excessive and lethal force.

Today, I'm introducing the Police Accountability Act, which seeks to change New York law and strengthen prosecutors’ ability to hold officers accountable.
We're announcing the arrest of Anthony Ragusa, of Long Island, for allegedly collecting over $200K in disability benefits despite owning a business and training for bodybuilding competitions.

Disability benefits are for those who need a safety net, not greedy fraud.
A judge has granted our motion to intervene in a lawsuit against Jacob Wohl and Jack Burkman for harassing and intimidating Black communities from voting by mail in the 2020 elections. 

We will work to hold these individuals accountable.
Today, @NYSDPS approved our agreement with Holtec International to dismantle the Indian Point nuclear power facility in the Hudson Valley.

My office will closely monitor the closure to ensure the protection of New Yorkers. https://t.co/S7kxAYUBSU
EMS responders worked tirelessly to save lives before this crisis.

EMS responders work tirelessly to save lives during this crisis.

EMS responders will still work tirelessly to save lives after this crisis.

We must give EMS responders the fair treatment they deserve. #EMSWeek
#COVID19 has only underscored the importance of online security with millions depending on the internet to buy basic goods.

That's why we held @FiltersFast accountable for a data breach that exposed the personal information of hundreds of thousands of consumers nationwide.
"The NRA under Mr. LaPierre’s leadership proved to be, as Ms. James said, an organization in which 'the rot runs deep.'"

The @NRA's bankruptcy was simply an attempt to avoid our lawsuit, and now we will refocus on our case and push for accountability.
https://t.co/hSxzcwrWGx
The Trump era Title X "gag rule" has prevented over a million people across the country from obtaining access to quality, affordable health coverage.

We're leading a coalition to support the Biden administration's efforts to undo this harmful rule and expand health coverage.
My office previously supported this lawsuit opposing Mississippi’s unlawful abortion ban. Now we will continue to fight to protect a woman's constitutional right to access an abortion at the Supreme Court.

We cannot move backward.
https://t.co/fhoGWs7xUB
NYC: You have a primary election coming up on June 22, 2021.

The deadline to register to vote in this election is Friday, May 28.

Don't wait. Get registered and vote. It's your right.

https://t.co/oe7JekXrkJ
New York is proud to join cities across the nation coming together to denounce the violent hate crimes against the Asian-American community.

We all have a duty to raise our voices and protect our communities.

#StopAsianHate https://t.co/uCZGyxfdgd
This week, we scored a major victory in our fight to hold the @NRA accountable for its fraud and abuse.
 
No one is above the law.
https://t.co/ouHbVSyyAC
While the nation has been rocked by the pandemic, the opioid epidemic has continued to quietly ravage our communities.
 
As we rebuild from this crisis, we must invest in treatment and mental health resources to support recovery from opioid addiction.
https://t.co/8qI9zmeney
If you believe your stimulus payment has been unlawfully taken from you, contact my office:
 
https://t.co/dy16A5J1cl
In both 2020 and earlier this year, my office took action to ensure NYS banks, creditors, and debt collectors could not seize emergency stimulus payments under law.

We will continue to protect New Yorkers' wallets and hold accountable any institution that violates this guidance.
The price gouging of fuel in New York state will not be tolerated. If my office sees greedy sellers trying to take advantage of consumers, we won't hesitate to act.

Any New Yorker who experiences gasoline price gouging should report it to my office:
https://t.co/jdWVCnyNO5
As the holy month of Ramadan comes to an end, I'd like to wish a very happy #Eid to everyone celebrating. 
 
#EidMubarak, and enjoy this day with your family and community.
The Texas court ruled: "The @NRA did not file the bankruptcy petition in good faith."

The rot runs deep.
https://t.co/yj4iAGTJWD
The Trump era true lender rule gives predatory lenders the green light to skirt state laws and take advantage of vulnerable communities.

We fought to end this rule in court, urged Congress to act, and now the House must do its part to protect consumers.
https://t.co/cH9gE8vECN
Today's victory against the @NRA proves that not even one of the most powerful lobbying organizations in the country can try to evade accountability under the rule of law. https://t.co/jMZSDNKzbh
In January, the @NRA filed for bankruptcy in an attempt to evade accountability in New York, despite claiming to have plenty of financial reserves.

We sued the @NRA to put an end to its fraud and abuse, and now we will continue our work to hold the organization accountable.
#BREAKING: A judge has ruled in our favor and rejected the @NRA's attempt to claim bankruptcy and reorganize in Texas.

The @NRA does not get to dictate if and where it will answer for its actions, and our case will continue in New York court.

No one is above the law.
I'm saddened to learn of the passing of former Assemblymember Aurelia Greene.

Assemblymember Greene dedicated her life to serving the Bronx, New York City, and our entire state. She was a trailblazer, and I offer my deepest condolences to her family and loved ones.
Our lawsuits against Facebook and Google are just two examples of the importance of bipartisan, state antitrust enforcement to protect consumers and promote competition.

Congress must provide the funding states need to support these and other resource-intensive efforts.
I'm calling on @Facebook to abandon its plans to create a version of @Instagram for children under the age of 13.

This is a dangerous idea that can be detrimental to children and put them directly in harm's way.
There's no definition of what it means to be a mom.

Whether you're a mother, aunt, grandmother, sister, or any other mother figure, today's for you. Happy #MothersDay. https://t.co/z3NDwuHaFI
We took action to hold Jacob Wohl and Jack Burkman accountable because no voter should face harassment or discrimination when exercising their fundamental right to vote.

https://t.co/ErpcjUTAzr
As we approach Mother's Day, we must do more than just voice our gratitude — we have to take real action and ensure our mothers have access to the health care they deserve.
Black mothers face systemic inequality and discrimination and lack access to many of the basic health services needed to survive.

These glaring disparities are the root of far too many deaths. Congress must pass the Black Maternal Health Momnibus Act to address this crisis now.
Despite our lawsuit, @coinseedapp has continued to hold investors' funds hostage, conduct unauthorized trades, and move virtual currency to an offshore trading platform.

I'm taking action to immediately halt the illegal operations of @coinseedapp as our lawsuit continues. https://t.co/ItfYTzv7Zi
Public libraries have the power to transform the future of so many. As we celebrate the opening of the enhanced Central Library, countless more will be able to reap the benefits of this new community space.

Thank you @BKLYNlibrary for your commitment to this project. https://t.co/xhsrVoCJKS
This robocall campaign targeted Black voters and falsely claimed that if they voted by mail, their personal information would be shared with police, credit card companies, and the government.

Any attempt to intimidate anyone from voting is as illegal as it is un-American.
I'm seeking to intervene in a lawsuit against Jacob Wohl and Jack Burkman for their attempts to intimidate Black communities from voting by mail in the 2020 elections.

Wohl and Burkman harassed and intimidated thousands of New Yorkers in an attempt to sway the election.
Today, we stopped three of these marketing companies from continuing their illegal behavior and recommended reforms to stop this type of fraud in the future.

We will continue to shine a light on abuses and disinformation that drown out the voices of the American people.
The broadband industry hired marketing companies that co-opted and created identities and filed nearly 18 million fake comments with the FCC and sent over half a million fake letters to Congress in support of the repeal.

This practice was also used to influence other policies.
After a multi-year investigation, we found the nation's largest broadband companies funded a secret campaign to influence the FCC's repeal of net neutrality rules — resulting in millions of fake public comments impersonating Americans.

These illegal schemes are unacceptable.
When the pandemic struck, nurses were there.

When we needed testing and treatments, nurses were there.

As we move towards the light at the end of the tunnel, nurses are here.

To all the sheroes and heroes: thank you.

#NationalNursesDay
Four of the victims from last week’s tragedy in Israel were New Yorkers.
 
Today, I sat shiva with the families of Rabbi Eliezer Tzvi Joseph, Shraga Gestetner, Yosef Amram Tauber, and Menachem Knoblowitz in Kiryas Joel, Monsey, and Borough Park.

May their memory be a blessing.
While we have much more work to do on this front, I applaud @1199SEIU's efforts on behalf of our valiant nursing home workers. 

Let's continue to fight for improvements at nursing homes so residents and workers can be protected. https://t.co/YzE6N7pL8b
Teachers are selfless. The sacrifices they have made for our students, especially during the pandemic, are immeasurable.

The least we can all do is voice our gratitude for their work.

From New York, thank you. 

#TeacherAppreciationDay
Politics should never come before public safety, yet for years, the Trump administration withheld over $30 million in federal funds meant for public safety in New York.

We secured the restoration of these funds to further protect the safety of New Yorkers.
Anyone with information about this despicable attack should contact @NYPDHateCrimes immediately.

#StopAsianHate

https://t.co/fignmrUFCH
Along with @NYSTaxDept, we busted the owners of several upstate bars and restaurants for years of tax evasion.

The owners of the Dark Horse Tavern and the other locations will pony up nearly $500,000 that is owed to the state.
I'm proud to join the We Belong Here: March Against Asian Hate to support our Asian American community and denounce the attacks we've seen over the past year.

An attack against one of our communities is an attack against us all and we must stand together and #StopAsianHate. https://t.co/R2OkwwdjpK
It’s high time the NYC Cannabis Parade is celebrating legal cannabis in New York! 

Let me be blunt: we must make sure this new industry provides opportunity for everyone, especially communities of color that have been most impacted by over enforcement for far too long. https://t.co/Dmmnsugau7
We're in Washington Square with @thenyic and @SenSchumer to continue the fight to enshrine immigrant workers' rights into law.

Immigrants contribute to our society every day and it's past time the sacrifices these individuals have made be honored and recognized.
Workers in New York and across our nation have worked tirelessly and risked their own health to support our communities over the past year, and many of those workers are immigrants.

This #MayDay and every day, I stand with you and will always fight for your rights. https://t.co/bvg7WFOS0f
As we mark the start of Asian American Pacific Islander Heritage Month, let’s celebrate and honor the rich history, culture, and legacy of the #AAPI community. 
 
We must also stand with this community against the despicable rise in violence and #StopAsianHate.
These protesters will face thousands in fines if they continue to threaten people and break the law.

I’ll do everything in my power to protect access to reproductive care.
We stopped these anti-choice protesters from threatening and harassing individuals trying to enter a Planned Parenthood Center in New York City.
 
People deserve to be able to make decisions about their own bodies without the fear of violence. https://t.co/Bmwk3nTDif
For years, @LafargeHolcim violated the law and leaked toxic chemicals into tributaries of the Hudson River.

As a result of their illegal actions, we recovered $850,000 and we're forcing Holcim to take measures to prevent any future environmental harm.
https://t.co/pE6xAdvwcn
Tragic situation taking place in Israel tonight.

I’m praying for Israel and everyone impacted.
https://t.co/tDBVFhpxFl
Too many New Yorkers are ill-equipped for retirement, and this new law will go a long way in providing financial security for hardworking people.

I'm proud to have worked on this critical measure that will ensure individuals can retire with dignity. https://t.co/Ybl09361GL
We are looking into baby food manufacturers Gerber, Hain, Beech-Nut, and Nurture Seek over concerns that the companies' baby foods contain dangerous and unlawful levels of inorganic arsenic.

No child should be exposed to toxic chemicals that jeopardize their health.
In a major victory, a court has ruled in our favor and vacated a Trump administration policy allowing the extremely dangerous pesticide, chlorpyrifos, to contaminate our food.

My office will continue to work to protect the health of New Yorkers and everyone across the nation.
My office secured the convictions of Staten Island construction company Premier Builders and two of its owners for wage theft and unemployment fraud.

We will not tolerate greedy employers who exploit their workers and our state.
Last night Officer Tsakos tragically lost his life while protecting New Yorkers.

I’m thinking of Officer Tsakos’ family, loved ones, and the entire @NYPDnews community this morning.
https://t.co/r25jEgGa17
My office will vigorously defend any challenge to New York’s gun laws and those that are intended to protect public safety.

We look forward to showing how New York's laws protect public safety in a manner consistent with the Second Amendment.
https://t.co/seWTlX8XcB
Violent hate against the Asian American community has left a New Yorker fighting for his life.

We cannot allow these disgusting attacks to continue. If you have any information, immediately contact @NYPDHateCrimes. #StopAsianHate

https://t.co/GGvi3shrXt
Methane is a dangerous pollutant that contributes to climate change and jeopardizes the health of Americans and our entire planet.

I'm leading a coalition to urge Congress to void a Trump-era rule that eliminated limits on methane regulations and protect our communities.
These attacks on our Jewish community are abhorrent, and they will not be tolerated in New York, period.
 
I urge anyone who has information to report it to law enforcement immediately.
https://t.co/MylOvtykX8
Do your part to protect all of our communities from #COVID19.

Wear a mask. Get vaccinated. Save lives.
Last stop of the day at the CCBA Community Center to discuss how we must combat rising hate crimes and support #AAPI businesses.

New Yorkers: We all have a responsibility to protect and uplift our Asian-American communities and I urge you to do your part. #ChinatownStrong https://t.co/bYDTakcv4F
Late lunch at Hop Lee, a Chinatown institution that's been serving the community for over 50 years.

I spoke with employees about the struggles of trying to remain open during the #COVID19 pandemic. https://t.co/SKTnqZ1hSU
Next stop: The Chinatown Ice Cream Factory, which has been serving New Yorkers for more than 40 years.

With warmer weather finally arriving, be sure to get out and get your favorite scoop. Pro tip: get the lychee! https://t.co/Mpm85HJYl1
46 Mott Bakery specializes in traditional Cantonese desserts, and they have been serving free lunches to thousands of New Yorkers in need during the pandemic. 

A huge thank you to 46 Mott, all the volunteers, and those who have donated to this food distribution. https://t.co/ocbkNGL9Gs
I'm spending the afternoon in Chinatown with community leaders to show our support for Asian-American-owned businesses.

These shops have been hit harder than most during the pandemic, and we must all do our part to get out and support the #AAPI community. https://t.co/NPJ68OlcZH
DC residents pay taxes, contribute to our economy, and serve in our military, and yet they are denied full representation in Congress.

I urged the House to pass #DCStatehood and now the Senate must do the same and give the people of DC the rights they deserve.
From ensuring the proper cleanup of nuclear facilities to fighting for clean energy regulations and undoing the harms caused by the previous administration, my office will always fight to protect New Yorkers and our environment. #EarthDay https://t.co/p4WxTechtB
RT @nily: Looking forward to seeing my @CB11Q neighbors at our virtual town hall tonight where we will be joined by special guest @NewYorkS…
I'm urging Congress to eliminate a Trump administration rule that allows predatory lenders to bypass state laws and take advantage of our most vulnerable communities.
 
My office has already filed a lawsuit to end this rule, but Congress should protect consumers and act now.
I pray that the Floyd family finds some semblance of justice and peace for this horribly unjust act. 

While true justice will never be served as long as Black men and women are subjected to such inequality, today, we are one step closer to the fairer system we all deserve.
Almost one year ago, the Floyd family and communities across this nation were torn apart by the murder of George Floyd. 

Today, there is finally accountability for this atrocious crime that stole the life of a father, brother, son, and friend.
RT @NassauExecutive: There has been an active shooter incident at the West Hempstead Stop &amp; Shop. Police are canvassing the area &amp; schools…
The $4 million we secured from @AmericanAxle will ensure proper cleanup of the former Tonawanda forge and address the environmental injustice that Buffalo has suffered for too long.

Along with @NYSDEC, we'll continue to protect our state's environment.
https://t.co/dVjbxt6fua
New York’s rent stabilization laws exist to ensure that affordable housing is available to those in need.

We took legal action to defend these laws against baseless challenges and to provide New Yorkers with the safe and decent homes they deserve.
https://t.co/fxFPwB4j4t
Do your part to help protect all of our communities against #COVID19.

Wear a mask. Get vaccinated. Save lives.
For far too long, our nation's policy towards public housing has been one of neglect.

I'm leading a coalition to urge Congress to increase funding for public housing in the President's infrastructure plan and ensure Americans have access to the housing they need and deserve.
We've reached a tentative agreement with Holtec International to safely, thoroughly, and rapidly dismantle the Indian Point nuclear power facility in the Hudson Valley.

This plan is responsible, exceeds federal standards, and will ensure the safety of millions of New Yorkers.
The Trump administration's Title X "Gag Rule" was a war on reproductive freedoms, and my office fought it at every turn.

I look forward to working with the Biden-Harris administration to undo the harms of this rule and expand health coverage for all.
https://t.co/Z6kSkBlk8O
This is a victory for every woman seeking reproductive health care in our nation.
 
Women shouldn't have to choose between risking their health during a pandemic or obtaining an abortion.
https://t.co/5PP07FavCl
The previous administration's attempt to restrict legal immigration and temporary work visas has been dismissed in court.
 
We will continue to fight to protect our immigrant communities and our states’ economies. https://t.co/ewDtWHWVka
This evening marks the start of the holy month of #Ramadan.
 
I'm wishing our Muslim community peace during this meaningful month of reflection and sacrifice.
 
#RamadanMubarak
Remember, #COVID19 vaccines are free of charge to any New Yorker eligible to receive one.

Get vaccinated, wear a mask, and if you are charged a fee for the vaccine, immediately contact my office:
https://t.co/psrhNtdDez
I'm challenging a Tennessee law that imposes excessive burdens on women who are trying to get an abortion.
 
We will fight to protect women from this dangerous law that seeks to control their bodies and puts their health at risk.
https://t.co/34OADvu488
Amazon forced its employees to work in unsafe conditions throughout this pandemic, in violation of New York state labor laws. 

Because of today's decision, our lawsuit to protect these employees will now be heard in state court, where it belongs. 
https://t.co/IGHqiaYw8w
In New York, the #COVID19 vaccine is available to anyone over the age of 16, free of charge. I urge everyone eligible to get vaccinated.
 
Any New Yorker who has been charged a fee for the vaccine should immediately file a complaint with my office.
 
https://t.co/Yp97CtE7O8
The science is clear: the #COVID19 vaccines save lives, and it's time for @Twitter and @Facebook to completely remove individuals spreading vaccine disinformation and endangering our communities.

⬇️Read my op-ed with @AGWilliamTong⬇️
 
https://t.co/rRvaICh4Zb
There is no question that serious and immediate reform is needed to address issues with policing in this country.

I'm urging the Senate to pass the George Floyd Justice in Policing Act to improve transparency, accountability, and ensure all our communities are protected.
We remember the six million Jews who were murdered.

We remember the countless families that were torn apart. 
 
We remember their stories and honor their lives.

We vow to never allow evil to triumph.

We promise to #NeverForget.

#YomHaSoah #HolocaustRemembranceDay
My heart is heavy learning of the loss of NYPD precinct commander Deputy Inspector Denis Mullaney. My thoughts are with his family and @NYPDnews.

Anyone struggling with their mental health can contact the National Suicide Prevention Hotline:

800-273-8255
https://t.co/uanF97FfRg
We've secured $4.25 million from a provider of self-service air machines used to inflate car tires after we found the company and its owner were evading taxes, underreporting sales, and paying workers off the books.

We won't allow any company to deflate our states' finances.
Though we can't all celebrate as we normally would, I'm wishing everyone a day full of joy this #Easter.

Enjoy this holy day with your family and loved ones safely, and don't forget to #WearAMask.
This week, we delivered 1.2 million eggs to communities in need across New York.
 
No one should have to scramble for food during a pandemic, and these eggs will go a long way towards providing food security for our state's most vulnerable.
https://t.co/VCfpyZeF4I
Today is a very sad day for our country. 

My thoughts and prayers are with the officer's family and all of the @CapitolPolice.
I'm calling on @Twitter, @eBay, and @Shopify to take immediate action to prevent the sale of fake #COVID19 vaccination cards.

Fake vaccination cards violate state law, public trust, and put our communities’ health at risk.
RT @RepGraceMeng: #ICYMI: I'm hosting a virtual discussion tonight at 7pm with @NewYorkStateAG, faith leaders &amp; community advocates on step…
I'm urging @usedgov to cancel the federal student loan debt of students who were defrauded by ITT Technical Institute, who deceived students and made empty promises of high-paying jobs after graduation.

Students shouldn't have to pay off debt on something they never received.
We're in Hauppauge to deliver 300,000 eggs to Long Island families still suffering from the economic impacts of this pandemic.

These eggs will be distributed by @LongIslandCares and @IslandHarvest to those New Yorkers who need them most. https://t.co/ATiIQEzeq9
We were at @FoodBank4NYC in Harlem this morning to deliver 500,000 eggs to New York City.

Food relief is of paramount importance during this public health crisis and I’m proud to support those New Yorkers in need. https://t.co/0uXcN3yyyn
Hillandale may have run afoul of our state’s price gouging laws and hatched a plan that targeted New York in its darkest hour, but, today, we’re delivering 1.2 million eggs to support our most vulnerable. 

New Yorkers can trust that I will always stand up for working families.
As New Yorkers scrambled to stock up on food during the height of the pandemic, Hillandale raised the prices of its eggs to unprecedented levels and made it harder for New Yorkers to feed their families.
Today, we're delivering 1.2 million eggs to feed New Yorkers in need. 

These eggs, which will go to food banks across the state, are a result of our lawsuit against Hillandale Farms for price-gouging eggs during the #COVID19 pandemic.
We're extending our suspension of student, medical, and other debt owed to New York that has been referred to my office for collection through April 30th.

New Yorkers can apply to freeze other debt that was referred to my office for collection below:

https://t.co/QntgE8iTVy
RT @RepGraceMeng: Join me &amp; special guest @NewYorkStateAG Tish James tonight at 7pm for a virtual discussion with faith leaders &amp; community…
Join @RepGraceMeng and me tomorrow at 7PM for a discussion with community leaders on the recent rise in hate crimes against the Asian American community and actions we can take to stop them. https://t.co/N1RTHhTzwH
I'm saddened to hear of the passing of Justice Paul Feinman. The first LGBTQ Court of Appeals Judge in New York, Justice Feinman was a trailblazer, and his legacy and inspiration to New Yorkers will live on.

My deepest condolences to his family and loved ones.
This #TransDayOfVisibility and every day, we celebrate the strength and courage of the trans and non-binary community to be who they are in the face of unjustified discrimination and violence.

Trans rights are human rights, and I will always stand with you.
For too long, people of color have been disproportionately impacted by an outdated and shortsighted marijuana prohibition. 

In New York, we are finally beginning to right that wrong.
As New Yorkers receive their stimulus payments and eligibility for the vaccine expands, we must remain vigilant against bad actors trying to steal personal information.

Use the resources below and report any suspected scams to my office:

https://t.co/jrEGk205AH
The continued attacks against members of our Asian American community are despicable, and we cannot allow those who act out of hate to go unchecked.

I'm urging anyone with information to contact @NYPDHateCrimes immediately:

1-800-577-TIPS
 
https://t.co/mVhtmRL7WA
Doctors and health care workers have risked their lives day in and day out to protect our families, our friends, our neighbors, and ourselves.

These heroes deserve thanks for their tireless work on the frontlines of this pandemic every single day.

#NationalDoctorsDay
In solidarity with @GWCUAW, I have respectfully canceled my participation in a virtual panel discussion at Columbia University tomorrow evening.

@GWCUAW deserves a fair contract, and I support their right to strike.
We're putting money back into New Yorkers' wallets because no one should have to pay for services they didn't receive, especially during a pandemic.

https://t.co/1AYtV9VHWW
Happy #Holi to all who are celebrating the Festival of Colors in New York and across the world!

As we welcome the beginning of spring, this holiday is also an important reminder that the power of light and goodness always triumphs over evil.
The legalization of marijuana is a racial and criminal justice imperative.

Last night's announcement is a critical step towards a fairer and more just system in New York, and I look forward to it officially becoming law.
This evening marks the beginning of #Passover, a time to reflect on strength and resilience. 
  
While the past year hasn't been easy, we've persisted, and now we see the light ahead. 
  
Chag Pesach Sameach.
We've secured the conviction of Luis Crespo, the owner of two Long Island auto repair shops, for underreporting over $8 million in sales taxes over the last decade.

Along with @NYSTaxDept, we're continuing the work to ensure no one defrauds our state.
Honor the lives of the Asian women who were killed in Atlanta.

Stand with the countless members of the Asian community who have been victims of racist hate crimes.

Attacks against our Asian communities are an attack on all of us &amp; we must strongly reject them. #StopAsianHate
Attacks against the right to vote continue to threaten our democracy, and the voting restrictions passed in Georgia are deeply troubling. 

My office is examining all legal options to take on these anti-democratic measures.
I'm proud to deliver $76 million in rebates to New Yorkers who were charged cable fees for live sports programming that was cancelled due to the #COVID19 pandemic.

No one should be forced to pay for services they didn’t receive.
In January, I called for the nursing home immunity provision to be repealed because no one should be able to evade potential accountability for the devastating loss of life that occurred in New York's nursing homes.

I applaud the Legislature for taking this critical action.
These stimulus payments are critical to helping our communities, and no one should have to fear this support will be taken away as soon as it arrives. 

I will continue to do everything in my power to protect hardworking New Yorkers during these difficult times.
We are once again making it clear that New York state banks, creditors, and debt collectors cannot seize emergency stimulus payments under the American Rescue Plan.
 
Any institution that violates this guidance will be held accountable to the fullest extent of the law. https://t.co/nYrdL57lg6
The science is clear: the #COVID19 vaccine saves lives, and we must ensure that there are no barriers to individuals receiving their dose.

@Facebook and @Twitter must do their part and stop the spread of #COVID19 vaccine disinformation on their platforms.
RT @NYCCouncil: Important read from @NewYorkStateAG and @PowherNY on #EqualPayDay:
 
"This year we must pay special attention to the harms…
We must continue to uplift the communities that need it most.
 
That's why I'm also urging Congress to expand the SNAP program and ensure those who need support are not unfairly and unnecessarily denied.
In a major victory, the former administration’s attempt to revoke critical food assistance from almost 700,000 Americans has been dismissed.
 
@AGKarlRacine and I fought to protect access to SNAP benefits because everyone should have access to food, period.
Women risked their health on the frontlines of this pandemic.

Women are helping us get vaccinated and save lives.

Women deserve to be paid equally for the same work as their male counterparts.

#EqualPayDay https://t.co/73QVbfpFHH
11 years ago, the #ACA was signed into law, and we got one step closer to making health care a right for all.

From providing reproductive care and affordable coverage to including pre-existing conditions, the #ACA saves lives.

My office will always fight to defend it.
The President is right: We need immediate action to end this violence and we need it now.

Congress and this administration must act to restore the assault weapons ban, implement universal background checks, and ban ghost guns before more lives are lost.
https://t.co/Le9B1mTVqM
We're delivering $190 million nationwide after we found @bostonsci misrepresented the safety, effectiveness, and potential risks of transvaginal mesh devices.

On my watch, profits don't come before the health and safety of New Yorkers.
My heart is with the Boulder community tonight.

Yet another vicious and senseless act of gun violence that has claimed innocent lives in our nation.
1,4-dioxane is a toxic chemical that contaminates our water and endangers our communities.
 
The last administration ignored the risks of this toxic chemical and we're taking action to support this administration’s efforts to ensure it’s considered as dangerous as it really is.
I'm urging @TheJusticeDept to close a federal loophole that allows those prohibited from purchasing a firearm under the law to purchase nearly complete 3D ghost guns.

If you can't legally purchase a firearm, you shouldn't be able to buy dangerous, undetectable ghost guns.
Be sure to join my office and @PowherNY for an #EqualPayDay event Wednesday at 9AM!

Use the link below to register:

https://t.co/XEFwmv1pRJ https://t.co/fB5XKXwdEK
Spent a beautiful Sunday participating in the annual @MetCouncil and @UnitedJewish #Passover food distribution in Brooklyn.

I’m grateful for the work these organizations do day in and day out to uplift and support New York communities. https://t.co/10jYMEv1GT
I’m standing with the Asian community to denounce the recent rise in hate crimes in our nation.

Hate will never be tolerated in New York or anywhere else, period. 

#StopAsianHate https://t.co/svCqvpIRMJ
#Nowruz Mobarak to everyone celebrating the Persian New Year!

#Nowruz is about new beginnings and rejuvenation, something all our communities need now more than ever. https://t.co/9myUgMSBpi
RT @AARPNY: Thanks for tuning in, and thank you to @NewYorkStateAG @TishJames for joining today's town hall. Get more info on the #COVID19…
We're in Yonkers to present $150,000 to @YonkersSchools to provide homeless students with the critical technology they need to succeed in school.
 
#COVID19 has shown us that resources like iPads, laptops, and Wi-Fi connectivity have never been more important for our students. https://t.co/mDt3fDQCzE
My office recovered over $1.6 million from V.J. Associates, a government contracting company that falsely inflated bills for public-works projects in New York, Massachusetts, and New Jersey.

We will always crackdown on companies that try to cheat taxpayers and our state.
Today, I received my #COVID19 vaccine at the new @nycHealthy vaccine site at the Christian Cultural Center in East Flatbush, Brooklyn. 

The science is clear: this vaccine saves lives.

I encourage all New Yorkers who are eligible to get their vaccine. #NYCVaccineForAll https://t.co/WqcQywVsWD
The current rise in hate crimes against Asian American communities is abhorrent, and we cannot tolerate them.

If any New Yorker has been a victim of a hate crime, I urge you to contact my office immediately: 1-800-771-7755.

#StopAsianHate
For years, the Erie County Sheriff’s Office has failed to report or even properly investigate these allegations, in violation of the law.

Law enforcement must protect the wellbeing of all our residents, not put them in greater harm.

https://t.co/JygEknY1Fa
I'm filing a lawsuit against the Erie County Sheriff’s Office for failing to address allegations of rampant sexual misconduct between corrections officers and incarcerated individuals in correctional facilities in Erie County.

We won't tolerate sexual misconduct in New York.
Happy #StPatricksDay, New York!
 
Today, we celebrate Irish culture and the vast contributions Irish Americans have long made to our state and the entire nation. 🇮🇪 https://t.co/f7VCeDrnW6
I'm taking action to restore two energy efficiency standards that were rolled back by the previous administration.

These regulations will help fight climate change, save consumers money, and create jobs.
RT @amprog: State and local governments, advocates, and environmental justice leaders have been at the forefront of confronting systemic ra…
My office is hosting a community roundtable tomorrow, March 16th at 6PM to discuss how to spot, prevent, and report sex trafficking in the Bronx.
 
I hope you'll join us for this important conversation. https://t.co/KHxBbAqEMH
Don't let your guard down against #COVID19.
 
Be smart. Wear a mask. Save lives.
Breonna Taylor was killed one year ago. 

Her life mattered. 

Black women matter. 

Black Lives Matter.
We filed the first lawsuit targeting a false, raced-based police report in New York because I won't allow any individual to use the color of someone’s skin as a weapon.

Period.
https://t.co/RHZYSWLfPK
Paul Alexander has been indicted for sex trafficking young girls throughout New York City.

The sexual exploitation of children is disgraceful, sickening, and blatantly illegal, and my office will bring justice for these victims. https://t.co/TbZ9yM1Q0j
Today’s action by the New York state legislature will have no bearing on our independent investigation into these allegations against Governor Cuomo.

Our investigation will continue.
It’s been one year since #COVID19 was officially declared a pandemic.

We’ve lost far too many lives and seen countless more impacted by this crisis, and today we honor them all.

Keep being smart. Continue to wear a mask. Save lives.
Facebook is wrong on the law and wrong on our complaint.

We are confident in our case, and we will continue to stand up for the millions of consumers and many small businesses that have been harmed by Facebook’s unlawful behavior.
https://t.co/SqkxZanlom
Communities in New York and across our nation are finally going to get the relief they need.

With the passage of the #AmericanRescuePlan, help is on the way. https://t.co/ieU6rEhpEA
As we continue to be vigilant against hate crimes in our communities, anyone with information about a potential hate crime should contact my office:

1-800-771-7755
Mr. Elmendorf threatened peaceful protesters with weapons and death threats and called police to falsely claim the protesters were armed.

Hate crimes will not be tolerated on my watch.
We're suing David Elmendorf, a former owner of a popular ice cream shop in Schenectady, for filing a false, race-based police report against peaceful Black Lives Matter protesters.

This is my office’s first lawsuit targeting false, race-based police reports in New York.
We have yet again halted the dangerous Public Charge Rule that the Trump administration used to attack immigrant communities.

This egregious rule forced immigrants to choose between their immigration status and the support they needed to survive and put our economy in jeopardy.
They are both independent, legal experts with decades of experience.
 
There is no question they have the knowledge and background necessary to lead this investigation and provide New Yorkers with the answers they deserve.
My office has appointed former U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York Joon H. Kim and employment discrimination attorney Anne L. Clark to lead our investigation into sexual harassment allegations against Governor Cuomo.
Celebrate how far women have come.
 
Recommit to the work we still have ahead of us for true equality in this nation and across the globe. 
 
This #InternationalWomensDay, say it loud:
 
Women belong everywhere. https://t.co/iAbbAE7WlO
Anyone who has been a victim of a discriminatory act or hate crime should immediately report it to my office.
 
We must continue to stand together against any act of hate  towards any of our communities.
 
1-800-771-7755
We have seen far too many deaths as a result of senseless gun violence in this nation.
 
That's why we're taking legal action to defend states' rights to enact age and background check requirements for the sale of assault rifles and to prevent another tragedy.
For a year, we’ve halted the collection of some debt referred to my office so that New Yorkers don’t have additional financial hardship during the pandemic.

I will continue to do everything in my power to stand up for New Yorkers.
We extended our suspension of student, medical, and other debt owed to New York that has been referred to my office for collection through March 31st.

New Yorkers can apply to freeze other debt that was referred to my office for collection below:

https://t.co/QntgE8iTVy
Today, we're providing $2.4 million to the @BklynFoundation to fund critical substance abuse treatment programs across Brooklyn.

These funds were recovered from a fraudulent charity we shut down, and now they will be used to support those in need.
Our investigation began due to a whistleblower who came forward under the New York False Claims Act.

Any whistleblower can file confidential information with my office below:

https://t.co/0nPg3YLArj
We recovered $105 million from a hedge fund manager who defrauded New York and evaded taxes.

After our investigation with the NYC Corporation Counsel, we're delivering the largest recovery against an individual in New York history.
We secured $500,000 for New York homeowners after Champion, a reverse mortgage servicer, put our seniors at risk of losing their homes during this pandemic.

These funds will provide much-needed assistance to ensure our seniors have access to permanent housing.
Today, we received a referral letter providing our office the authority to move forward with an independent investigation into allegations of sexual harassment claims made against Governor Cuomo.

At the close of the review, the findings will be disclosed in a public report.
My office took a record number of actions to protect consumers in 2020.

From stopping price gouging to securing relief for consumers being charged fees while gyms were closed, and other #COVID19 related scams, we will always work to protect New Yorkers' wallets. #NCPW2021 https://t.co/oOjQKKRyte
Let this also serve as a warning to those facilitating these trades:

If you don’t play by the rules, we will not hesitate to shut down your operations.
There are extreme risks in investing in virtual or cryptocurrencies and it’s imperative that we act to protect investors' wallets.

I’m warning New Yorkers and investors across the country that investing in this unstable market is not prudent and could cause devastating losses.
Women are the backbone of our country. 

This #WomensHistoryMonth, let's recognize all that women have done throughout history and continue to do today to uplift our communities, our families, and keep us moving forward.
This is not a responsibility we take lightly.

We will hire a law firm, deputize them as attorneys of our office, and oversee a rigorous and independent investigation.
We expect to receive a referral with subpoena power to investigate allegations of sexual harassment against the governor, in line with our demands and New York state law.
 
The referral would be made solely to the attorney general's office.
While I have deep respect for Chief Judge DiFiore, I am the duly elected attorney general and it is my responsibility to carry out this task.
 
The governor must provide this referral so an independent investigation with subpoena power can be conducted.
To clarify, I do not accept the governor’s proposal.
 
The state’s Executive Law clearly gives my office the authority to investigate this matter once the governor provides a referral.
Given state law, this can only be accomplished through an official referral from the governor’s office and must include subpoena power.
 
I urge the governor to make this referral immediately.
Allegations of sexual harassment should always be taken seriously.
 
There must be a truly independent investigation to thoroughly review these troubling allegations against the governor, and I stand ready to oversee that investigation and make any appointments necessary.
In a major victory, we secured a court order to once again shut down Northern Leasing from continuing to prey on small businesses.

Much-needed funds will be put back into the pockets of small business owners who continue to feel the impacts of the #COVID19 pandemic. https://t.co/W8GJhL3kLw
I'm standing with the @AAFederation and all New Yorkers today to denounce these despicable attacks.

I urge anyone who has been a victim of a discriminatory action to report it to my office immediately:

1-800-771-7755
New York is built on the values of diversity, inclusion, and acceptance.
 
The recent attacks against the Asian American community are attacks against all of our communities, and we cannot tolerate them.
 
Period. https://t.co/1RxfGLPipm
This lawsuit should send a clear message to all who seek to exploit and take advantage of our most vulnerable communities:

We will use every tool in our arsenal to end your unlawful activity and the suffering you inflict.
https://t.co/H0Iu7aMvmG
This divisive threat to cut off funding for New York City by the Trump admin endangered every New Yorker as we continued to battle the #COVID19 pandemic.

I'm grateful @POTUS revoked this executive order as we continue to build back better with unity.
https://t.co/kARmSdwTfl
For years, we've been fighting @DefDist's illegal efforts to make untraceable, undetectable 3D-printed "ghost gun" files available online for anyone to access.

Today, we're continuing that fight in the Supreme Court to protect our schools, our workplaces, and our states' laws.
There's nothing more important than protecting the right to vote in this nation.

That's why I'm urging Congress to pass the For The People Act to make it easier to vote, protect elections from foreign interference, raise ethical standards for federal officials, and more.
The public deserves to know what transpires behind closed doors.
 
As soon as the judge authorizes, my office will release those proceedings so the Prude family, the Rochester community, and communities across the country will no longer be kept in the dark.
A judge has granted our motion to release the grand jury proceedings related to the death of Daniel Prude.
 
This is a critical step in effecting the change that is so desperately needed.
I will be pursuing a multifaceted approach, including legislation, to address the very issues that have prevented us from holding officers accountable when they improperly use deadly force.
 
I will be unshakeable in my efforts to bring the change that is so desperately needed.
Daniel Prude was in the throes of a mental health crisis, and what he needed was compassion, care, and help from trained professionals.
 
Serious reform is needed in the Rochester Police Department and our criminal justice system as a whole.
While I know that the Prude family, the Rochester community, and communities across the country will rightfully be devastated, we have to respect this decision.
 
The current laws on deadly force have created a system that utterly failed Mr. Prude and so many others before him.
A grand jury has voted not to indict any police officer on charges related to the death of Daniel Prude.
 
My office concluded there was sufficient evidence surrounding Mr. Prude’s death to present the case to a grand jury, and we presented the most comprehensive case possible.
We're ending @bitfinex and @Tether_to's virtual currency trading in New York after the companies covered up about $850 million in losses around the globe and deceived the market by overstating reserves.

Those trading virtual currencies in New York cannot avoid our laws, period.
Our coalition with @CFPB, @MassAGO &amp; @AGMarkHerring is seeking to end Libre's illegal practices and obtain millions in restitution for the thousands of victims.

We will continue to fight for immigrant communities and hold accountable anyone who seeks to put them in harm’s way.
My office is filing a lawsuit against @LibrebyNexus for preying on vulnerable immigrants.
 
Libre tricked immigrants into paying far more than they needed for bond services to get released from federal detention centers and illegally profited millions.
I'm joining @dealbook today at 2:30PM to talk to @andrewrsorkin about the power of accountability and more.

Use the link below to register and tune in:
https://t.co/ao6Fe3LqLU
Immigrant communities are among our nation's most vulnerable, and they’ve been living in fear for far too long.

My office will always fight to defend these communities from harmful attacks and for the reforms we need.
We're continuing to witness despicable attacks on our Asian communities and my office isn’t going to tolerate it.

Any New Yorker who has been a victim of a discriminatory action should report it to my office immediately:

1-800-771-7755
Your actions matter when it comes to stopping the spread of #COVID19.
 
Be smart. Wear a mask. Save lives.
It’s unconscionable that a doctor would prescribe a dangerous cocktail of opioids and other controlled substances to anyone known to be struggling with addiction.

Doctors have an obligation to help their patients heal, not drive them deeper into the depths of addiction.
As New York continues to deal with the ravages of the opioid epidemic, my office is committed to rooting out entities that fuel this crisis.
 
We indicted a Rochester-area doctor who prescribed opioids to a patient known to struggle with addiction that caused his overdose death.
Today, our nation finally becomes a part of the Paris Agreement again.

It's time to get to work and fight the climate crisis head-on.

https://t.co/UKgoGnskt9
We're suing to shut down the cryptocurrency trading platform @coinseedapp after the company defrauded thousands of investors out of over a million dollars to line the pockets of its executives.

We won't hesitate to take on fraudulent entities and protect investors' wallets.
The workers who have powered this country and kept it going during the pandemic are the very workers who continue to be treated the worst. 

.@amazon, we won't let corporate bullies put hardworking New Yorkers in harm's way, period.
When employees reported these safety concerns, Amazon retaliated against them by unlawfully firing and disciplining them, in violation of New York's whistleblower protections.
We found that Amazon failed to adhere to proper cleaning and disinfection protocols, refused to notify employees when colleagues tested positive for #COVID19, and didn't allow employees to take basic precautions to protect themselves from a fatal virus.
#BREAKING: We filed a lawsuit against @amazon over its failures to provide adequate health and safety measures for employees during the pandemic and for retaliating against those who voiced concerns for their safety. 

Amazon put profits over people.
We provided guidance to local education agencies across the state to remind them of their responsibilities to support these vulnerable students and provide them with the tools they need and deserve. 

We will continue to do everything in our power to help our students succeed.
Hundreds of thousands of students across New York experience homelessness, and this pandemic has only further exposed the difficulties these students face when it comes to getting an equal education.

I'm taking action with @NYSEDNews to ensure these students aren't left behind.
The steady leadership of our commander in chief has never been more important, and this #PresidentsDay, we recognize the past and present leaders of our nation who worked tirelessly to uphold our democracy and the right to freedom, liberty, and justice for all.
Three years ago, 17 people were murdered in the mass shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida.
 
Today my heart is with the Parkland community and every community in our nation that has been impacted by senseless gun violence. #MSDStrong
Reminder:
 
We all still have a duty to protect each other from the spread of #COVID19.
 
Be smart. Wear a mask. Save lives.
I'm taking legal action to ensure patients across New York and the nation can maintain safe access to the abortion pill via telehealth as the pandemic continues.

Patients shouldn’t need to choose between receiving reproductive care or preventing exposure to #COVID19.
Texas busca exponer a los inmigrantes indocumentados al peligro y anular el plan de @POTUS de pausar las deportaciones.

Estoy liderando una coalición de 16 AGs para proteger a nuestras comunidades de inmigrantes y luchar por la reforma que necesitamos en esta nación.
The state of Texas is seeking to put undocumented immigrants in harm's way and overturn @POTUS' plan to pause deportations.

I'm leading a coalition of 16 AGs to protect our immigrant communities and fight for the long-overdue reform we need in this nation.
The legal action filed by @amazon today is a sad attempt to shirk accountability for its failures to protect hardworking employees from a deadly virus.

We won't be intimidated by anyone, especially corporate bullies that put profits over the health and safety of working people.
Chúc mừng năm Tân Sửu, xin kính chúc tất cả mọi Người một năm mới an khang, thịnh vượng.

Con trâu là tượng trưng cho sức mạnh và khả năng phục hồi, nhắc nhở cho chúng ta hướng về mọi điều tốt đẹp vào năm tới.
흰 소의 해 신축년 #설날을 맞이하여 모두 새해 복 많이 받으시고 늘 건강하시길 기원합니다. 

흰 소가 상징하는 강인함과 끈기를 생각하며 다가오는 새해에는 소의 기운을 받아 모든 일을 잘 풀어나가는 한해가 되길 소망합니다.
在我们开始庆祝牛年的同时，我想祝你们新年快乐, 身体健康, 恭喜發财, 牛年吉祥。

牛代表着力量和韧性，这对我们在新的一年里，有很重要的意义。
As we begin to celebrate the #LunarNewYear and welcome the year of the ox, I wish all who are celebrating a healthy and prosperous new year.

The ox represents strength and resilience, an important reminder to us all as we look forward to the year ahead. https://t.co/Hs6V3PYB6M
Deed theft and other illegal housing scams threaten homeowners every day.

I’m proud to support this important initiative that combats these crimes and will help keep New Yorkers in their homes. https://t.co/NwKfkZXF9k
We've witnessed a despicable rise in attacks on our Asian communities and New York will never tolerate it.

I urge any New Yorker who has been a victim of a discriminatory action to report it to my office:

1-800-771-7755

https://t.co/yu1AeY6oAt
For almost 50 years, Roe v. Wade has made clear the right of women to control their own bodies, and I will continue to do everything within my legal power to support the reproductive rights of women.
Local, state, and federal law explicitly prohibits obstructing access to reproductive health clinics.

We are also seeking a preliminary injunction to immediately stop these threats and violent acts and ensure patients have safe access to the care they need.
As recently as this weekend and on many occasions in 2020, these anti-choice protesters harassed, threatened, and used physical violence against patients and escorts who were seeking care at Planned Parenthood.
We're filing a lawsuit against two individuals who repeatedly and violently blocked access to a Planned Parenthood Center in New York City.
 
No person, no business, and no government body has the right to deny or limit a woman’s access to an abortion.
I’m calling on the @US_FDA to do its job and ensure the health and safety of every child in America by setting uniform standards to remove dangerous levels of arsenic, lead, cadmium, and mercury in baby foods.

Our families cannot accept any less, period.
Holding @McKinsey accountable for its role in fueling the opioid crisis is just the beginning of our fight for justice.

We will continue to do everything in our power to prevent this industry from causing additional harm &amp; devastation to our communities.
https://t.co/5FYgp3XN9k
Repealing the #WalkingWhileTrans law was long overdue, and I'm proud that New York took another step to protect New Yorkers' right to simply be who they are.

Thank you to the advocates, community leaders &amp; elected officials who fought to repeal this law.
https://t.co/KhPywRcCmR
From Parkland to Newtown, to the streets of New York City and Chicago, and everywhere in between, gun violence has claimed far too many lives and impacted countless others.

This #GVSurvivorsWeek, we remember the lives lost and recommit to ending these senseless acts of violence.
We're filing a lawsuit against private equity fund manager GPB Capital Holdings for defrauding investors out of over $700 million and using the money to fund executives' lavish lifestyles.

We won’t let Wall Street fat cats get away with breaking the rules.
This is just the beginning of our fight for justice.

While no amount of money will ever compensate for the pain that countless families have endured, we will continue to do everything in our power to prevent this industry from hooking more patients and causing even more harm.
As a result of today’s agreement, New York will receive more than $32 million and McKinsey will never be able to perpetrate this type of fraud and deception again.
For over a decade, McKinsey helped fuel the opioid crisis by promoting marketing schemes and consulting services to opioid makers, including Purdue Pharma.
 
McKinsey helped Purdue target doctors they knew would overprescribe opioids and made millions off of this harm.
#BREAKING: We’re delivering more than $573 million to communities across the nation that have been ravaged by the opioid crisis and holding @McKinsey accountable for its role in turbocharging this destruction.
America should be a beacon of hope for all, and the executive orders signed by @POTUS are an important step towards restoring our immigration system &amp; reuniting families that belong together.

It's past time to fix the harms of the previous administration.
https://t.co/IJAPL6MRrq
Members of law enforcement put their lives on the line every day to protect our communities, and today, FBI Agents Daniel Alfin and Laura Schwartzenberger lost their lives in the line of duty.

My deepest condolences to their families and loved ones.
https://t.co/Fylm7Yn6n2
This piece of New York history will be forever safeguarded so that future generations may know its story.

Thank you to all the advocates and community leaders who worked so hard to protect this historic site.
https://t.co/AnxtCMCWzN
Brooklyn’s 227 Abolitionist Place is one of the most important ties that New York has to our abolitionist roots.
 
For years, I've fought to protect this site, and I'm proud that today, during #BlackHistoryMonth, it has officially become a historic landmark.
We're extending our suspension of student, medical, and other debt owed to New York that has been referred to my office for collection through February 28th.

New Yorkers can apply to freeze other debt that was referred to my office for collection below:

https://t.co/QntgE8iTVy
What happened in Rochester on Friday is deeply disturbing and wholly unacceptable. Such use of force and pepper spray should never be deployed against a child, period.

My office is looking into what transpired, but it’s clear that drastic reform is needed at @RochesterNYPD. https://t.co/SReNMFH6xd
From those making history today to the trailblazers who came before us, celebrate the contributions Black Americans make to this country.

Black history is American history, and that should be honored this month and every month.
 
#BlackHistoryMonth
Black essential workers have been on the frontlines protecting our communities.
 
Black educators have made countless sacrifices to continue the work of educating our youth.
 
And this year, the first Black woman was sworn into office as the Vice President of the United States.
Do your part to help stop the spread of #COVID19 in our communities.

#WearAMask
Thank you to all the New Yorkers who braved the cold and turned in firearms.

You are doing your part to keep our communities safe.
With record levels of gun violence ravaging our communities, we must do all we can to get these dangerous weapons off our streets and out of our homes.

At today's gun buyback, we collected 48 firearms, including several assault rifles. https://t.co/Ph5HsUyxYg
We're hosting a gun buyback with @BrooklynDA and @NYPDnews at the Bethesda Healing Center in Brownsville, Brooklyn TODAY from 10AM-2PM.

No questions will be asked, and identification will not be needed. #COVID19 safety procedures will be in effect. https://t.co/azsSkZJulo
I’m leading a bipartisan group of 33 AGs to stop a mortgage servicer from taking advantage of nearly 1 million homeowners.

Homeowners shouldn’t be punished for paying their mortgage online or by phone, and we’re taking action to protect their wallets.
Tomorrow we're hosting a gun buyback with @BrooklynDA and @NYPDnews at the Bethesda Healing Center in Brownsville, Brooklyn from 10AM-2PM.
 
No questions will be asked, and identification will not be needed. #COVID19 safety procedures will be in effect. https://t.co/3KzidvLLDc
My office is actively reviewing concerns about activity on the @RobinhoodApp, including trading related to @GameStop stock.
This pandemic has caused great devastation and taken far too many lives. 
 
Nursing homes residents and workers deserve to live and work in safe environments. We're releasing this report to offer transparency and spur action to protect our most vulnerable.
https://t.co/3j2WksVCTz
Based on these findings, we are still investigating more than 20 nursing homes whose conduct during the first wave was of particular concern.
 
Anyone with concerns about nursing homes should file a confidential complaint below:
 
https://t.co/L0xCVBazIZ
➡️Insufficient PPE and testing for nursing home staff put residents and staff at increased risk
 
➡️Owners of for-profit nursing homes have a financial incentive to increase their own profits instead of investing in more staff, PPE, and other safety measures
We found that:
 
➡️@HealthNYGov's public data undercounted #COVID19 deaths in some nursing homes by as much as 50%
 
➡️Some nursing homes failed to comply with infection control protocols
 
➡️Facilities with lower staffing ratings had higher #COVID19 fatality rates
My office is releasing a report on our ongoing investigations into nursing homes' response to #COVID19 in New York.

We have been investigating allegations of patient neglect and other concerning conduct that may have jeopardized the health and safety of residents and employees.
As we continue to reel from this public health crisis, the last thing we should be doing is moving to deport more immigrants.

I strongly support @POTUS' action to freeze these deportations and stand ready to take legal action to support it.
https://t.co/fjy0LpsZcg
Gun violence is a serious threat to all Americans and states have every right to enact laws to protect their residents from this devastation.

I'm taking legal action with 17 AGs to defend states’ rights to take the critical action needed to prevent another tragedy.
On #HolocaustRemembranceDay, we remember the millions of Jews who were murdered &amp; the countless more whose lives were forever changed.

We have long said #NeverAgain, but today, our commitment to that fundamental belief &amp; our actions to combat hate are more important than ever.
RT @BrooklynDA: We are using every tool we have to keep our communities safe and get guns off the streets.
 
Join us this SATURDAY, JAN. 30…
As Public Advocate of New York City, I led the charge to divest from fossil fuels because there is nothing prudent about investing in companies that cause so much harm to our people and our planet.

I’m proud to see this finally become reality. https://t.co/ducck5LNRV
My office is hosting a gun buyback with @BrooklynDA and @NYPDnews at the Bethesda Healing Center in Brownsville, Brooklyn this Saturday, January 30th, from 10AM-2PM.

No questions will be asked, and identification will not be needed. #COVID19 safety procedures will be in effect. https://t.co/DpdhltuxH2
Good.

All Americans who are qualified to serve in our nation's Armed Forces should have the right to serve, period. https://t.co/KGAnEqeQal
#COVID19 is still spreading throughout our communities, and we must continue to take action and stop the spread.

Be smart. Wear a mask. Save lives.
Good luck today @BuffaloBills, I'm rooting for you! #GoBills https://t.co/1Pj5Ic5mLf
The @NRA does not get to dictate if and where they will answer for their actions.
 
We're looking forward to holding the @NRA accountable.
https://t.co/GViDM3DX9T
RT @NYGovCuomo: Deep thanks to @NewYorkStateAG for her hard work filing this lawsuit and advancing the interests of New Yorkers. https://t.…
For the health and safety of New Yorkers, it's imperative that the Indian Point nuclear power facility in the Hudson Valley be safely, rapidly, and thoroughly dismantled.

We're suing the @NRCgov over its failure to responsibly decommission this nuclear power facility.
Today marks the 48th anniversary of Roe v. Wade, a landmark decision that gave women in this nation the right to choose.
 
Make no mistake, a woman's constitutional right to an abortion is under attack, and I will always fight back to protect it.
#BREAKING: A judge has ruled in our favor and denied the @NRA's attempts to dismiss our entire lawsuit against them and move the case to another court.

Today's order reaffirms that the @NRA does not get to dictate if and where they will answer for their unlawful actions.
The @NRA's recent bankruptcy filing is the latest in a long list of baseless efforts to avoid oversight and accountability for its actions in New York.
 
We will fight to ensure that the @NRA answers for its unlawful behavior.
https://t.co/saTnNXiEEu
New York: While the Biden administration gets to work to tackle this pandemic, we've got to do our part too.
 
Be smart. Wear a mask. Save lives.
These service members risk everything to serve and protect New York. 

Tonight, we’re all heartbroken. https://t.co/vjkpeOt7jd
These measures address the very issues we sued the Trump administration over.

From protecting the census, to ensuring Dreamers are #HereToStay, to stopping health care discrimination against the LGBTQ+ community, @POTUS has already taken decisive action to protect Americans.
My office spent the past two years standing up to an administration that relentlessly attacked all our communities.

Tonight, this nation is in a safer and better place thanks to the executive orders signed by President Biden.
Congratulations to my friend @SenSchumer on becoming our Senate Majority Leader.
 
Senator Schumer is going to deliver real results for the American people that we can all be proud of.
 
We always knew our beloved Brooklyn ruled the world, but now it rules the US Senate too.
Today is a new and historic day in America.

Congratulations President @JoeBiden and Vice President @KamalaHarris.
In total, we filed 74 lawsuits against the Trump administration, and successfully protected so many of our communities and our most basic rights. 

I look forward to working with the Biden-Harris administration to undo these dangerous policies and uphold the rule of law.
➡️Took dozens of legal actions to protect the environment, including over 70 actions in 2020 alone.

➡️Stopped attacks on the #USPS and attempts to undermine our election. 
 
➡️Protected women’s constitutional right to an abortion and reproductive care.

and so much more.
We successfully:

✅Protected #DACA and the right of #Dreamers to live here.

✅Preserved the integrity of the #2020Census &amp; stopped the citizenship question.

✅Defended access to the Trusted Traveler Program.

✅Guarded the health coverage of millions who depend on the #ACA.
My office stood up to the Trump administration every time it tried to trample the rights of New Yorkers and Americans across the country. 
 
We worked tirelessly to challenge this administration's illegal attacks — and we successfully stopped some of its most dangerous ones.
As we have fought for all along: 

Every person counts; therefore, every person must be counted. https://t.co/otzZRc0q27
These five lawsuits challenge attempts to undermine science, hinder progress on clean air and energy conservation, and eliminate wildlife regulations.

I will continue to work to overturn these final, shameful chapters of the Trump administration.
The Trump administration is making last-ditch efforts to harm our environment, and we're not going to let them get away with it.

That's why I'm leading nationwide coalitions in five lawsuits to challenge these efforts and protect our environment for good.
In a major victory, the courts ruled against the Trump administration’s attempt to repeal and replace the Clean Power Plan with a dangerous and harmful "Dirty Power" rule.

I'm proud to have led the fight against this unjust rule, and once again, successfully protect our planet.
If you have photos, videos, or eyewitness accounts of these interactions, please report them to my office:
 
https://t.co/HyBuaIsyDT
New Yorkers were marching in the spirit of Dr. King, who taught us that peaceful protest is the most powerful force in the fight for freedom, equality, and justice for all.

I will continue to fight to protect this most basic right.
Less than a week after I filed a lawsuit against the @NYPDnews for using excessive force against peaceful protesters, last night we saw officers exhibit the same concerning behavior.

As we laid out in our lawsuit, this is a longstanding pattern that must stop.
Dr. King lived, led, and died as America’s most courageous peaceful warrior.

A man whose principles and steadfast commitment to equality has left an imprint in every corner of our society and throughout the world.

A man who taught us that only love can conquer hate. #MLKDay
During this time of unrest and change, we must look to the life of Dr. King and emulate his spirit and his teachings.

We are all architects of his Beloved Community – a world without racism, poverty &amp; militarism, where justice and equality are attained through non-violent means.
The Trump administration has chosen to leave inadequate air pollution standards in place, posing a danger to both public health and the environment.

I filed a lawsuit to fight back and protect our planet and the air we breathe.
It’s game day!

Good luck, @BuffaloBills. I'll be rooting for you along with all of #BillsMafia! #GoBills #MightBeChilly https://t.co/n5zAIQCqbb
RT @AliVelshi: After a summer of police brutality at demonstrations protesting police brutality, @NewYorkStateAG @TishJames is suing the NY…
The @NRA's claimed financial status has finally met its moral status: bankrupt.
 
While we review its bankruptcy filing, we will not allow the @NRA to use this or any other tactic to evade accountability and my office’s oversight.
We heard from medics.

We heard from essential workers.

We heard from individuals who engaged in peaceful protest.

We filed this lawsuit against @NYPDnews because we won't allow anyone to violate the rights of New Yorkers. https://t.co/LcQ2ftknZl
RT @RepAOC: Sign up below to join our town hall tonight at 6:30PM! We also now have a guest appearance from @NewYorkStateAG to discuss her…
RT @NassauExecutive: One year ago this week, thousands of Nassau residents of all faiths came together to march against Anti-Semitism.

We…
With today’s lawsuit, this longstanding pattern of brutal and illegal force ends.

New Yorkers deserve better.
It’s past time for real, meaningful change.
 
That’s why we are seeking systemic reforms to the NYPD and the installation of a monitor to oversee the NYPD’s policing tactics in future protests and to ensure they are complying with the law.
The NYPD and its senior leaders failed to address this longstanding pattern of abuse by not properly training, supervising, and disciplining officers to prevent misconduct, despite knowing and publicly admitting that it violated the rights of New Yorkers.
Our landmark lawsuit outlines the @NYPDnews' years of using excessive force and making false arrests against New Yorkers, most recently during racial justice protests in 2020.

This unlawful conduct has led to severe injuries and violated the basic right to peaceful protest.
#BREAKING: I’m filing a lawsuit against the New York City Police Department to bring an end to its pattern of repeatedly and blatantly violating the rights of New Yorkers.

No one is above the law — not even the individuals charged with enforcing it.
After last week’s deadly attack at the U.S. Capitol, my office is closely monitoring all threats against the New York State Capitol.

We won't hesitate to take legal action against anyone who seeks to terrorize or harm legislators, Capitol staff, law enforcement, or the public.
RT @NYGovCuomo: Starting yesterday, New Yorkers in Phase 1b groups are now eligible for the COVID-19 vaccine. 

See if you're eligible and…
We're leading a coalition of 22 attorneys general in seeking to stop a Texas law that restricts women's access to abortion services and subjects them to significant health risks.

I will always fight to protect a woman's constitutional right to access an abortion in this nation.
The opioid crisis has claimed hundreds of thousands of lives and it’s imperative that the federal government take action to protect Americans.

That’s why we are calling on the @US_FDA to produce an update on the progress they've made to combat this nationwide epidemic.
RT @FBI: The #FBI and our partners are seeking information to help us pursue individuals who instigated violence on January 6 in Washington…
My office filed this lawsuit because I won't tolerate the federal government inflicting even greater harm onto New Yorkers who are already struggling.
 
Period.
https://t.co/LD65WT8aLY
What a game, @BuffaloBills.

On to next week! #GoBills https://t.co/AOY01VAAfu
We've all got to continue being cautious and protect each other from #COVID19.

Be smart. Wear a mask. Save lives.
I'm calling on @TheJusticeDept to launch a full investigation into Wednesday's attempted coup at the US Capitol, instigated by President Trump, Trump family members, and members of Congress.

All who fanned the flames that led to this failed coup must be held responsible.
We arrested Carl Carro and James Doyle for an alleged Ponzi scheme that defrauded investors out of over a million dollars through fake headhunting firms.

We will hold accountable anyone who tries to cheat New Yorkers out of their hard-earned savings.
Ultimately, I am confident the rule of law will prevail.

Joe Biden, our duly elected president, will assume office on January 20th and history will remember this as a sad but unsuccessful attempt to destroy our democratic republic.
This violent coup attempt initiated by outgoing President Trump is despicable.

If blood is shed, it will be on his hands.

These actions, fueled by lies and wild conspiracy theories espoused by President Trump, must be unequivocally condemned by every corner of our society.
This so-called Science Transparency rule is clearly intended to censor, exclude, and undermine science at the expense of our health and environment.

Once again, we will see the Trump administration's @EPA in court.
https://t.co/5gzq9qypKm
I'm filing a lawsuit to stop a Trump administration rule that allows predatory lenders to bypass state laws and take advantage of our most vulnerable communities.

New Yorkers are already suffering and I won’t allow the federal government to inflict even greater financial harm.
New York: Now is not the time to let our guard down.

Be smart. Wear a mask. Save lives.
From advocating for everyday New Yorkers to holding powerful interests accountable, safeguarding civil rights and the environment, my office has been relentless in the pursuit of justice.
 
Read some of the major legal actions we took this year:

https://t.co/XJoMEwloEH
We're extending our suspension of student, medical, and other debt owed to New York that has been referred to my office for collection through January 31st.

New Yorkers can apply to freeze other debt that was referred to my office for collection below:
 
https://t.co/QntgE8iTVy
Happy New Year, New York! 

This past year was one of great challenge, struggle, and pain. But it was also a year marked by hope, resilience, and strength.

New challenges and opportunities await us in 2021, and with them, a renewed hope for a better future.
I'm grateful to New Yorkers for giving us the opportunity to serve them this year. 
 
Day in and day out, our work continues.
➡️ Sued the Buffalo Catholic Church for failing to stop the sexual abuse of minors

➡️ Took legal action against thousands of businesses using #COVID19 to cheat New Yorkers
 
➡️ Provided tens of millions of dollars to protect tenants from eviction and expand affordable housing
✅ Stopped the Trump administration's attempts to dismantle #DACA in the U.S. Supreme Court

✅ Protected New Yorkers' access to Global Entry and other Trusted Traveler Programs

✅ Won a major lawsuit to block ICE from making arrests in and around state courthouses
This year, we: 

➡️Sued to dissolve the @NRA for years of self-dealing and fraud
 
➡️Led landmark, bipartisan lawsuits against @Facebook and @Google 
 
➡️Filed 37 lawsuits against the Trump administration to stop its harmful and regressive policies
2020 was a year of great challenges, but we were still able to accomplish so much to protect the rights of all New Yorkers. 
 
Our annual report highlights some of the biggest legal, policy, and community actions we took this year.

https://t.co/XJoMEwloEH
Effective immediately, almost all evictions in New York, including court proceedings, will be halted until at least March 1, 2021.

This will help thousands of New Yorkers get the relief they need to stay in their homes during this pandemic.
https://t.co/fl3oa8vxry
My office remains committed to rooting out #COVID19 scams. If you believe you've been the victim of an unlawful scam, we want to know:

https://t.co/jrEGk205AH
➡️Be wary of anyone calling/emailing with offers of a vaccine.
➡️Don't give out your personal info.
➡️If you have insurance, you don't need to pay anything out of pocket while this is a public health emergency. 
➡️If you don’t have insurance, you can only be charged an admin fee.
As New York begins the process of vaccinating frontline workers and some vulnerable communities, we must be vigilant about bad actors trying to use the vaccine to take advantage of New Yorkers.

Here are tips to protect yourself from #COVID19 vaccine scams:
Happy #Kwanzaa to all who celebrate.
 
Today, we begin this holiday that honors the beautiful traditions, culture, and history of African Americans that is integral to our nation's story and success.
Merry #Christmas to everyone celebrating in New York and across our country.

While this year's celebration is different, we can all do our part to keep ourselves and our loved ones safe. I wish you a joyful and safe holiday and look forward to a brighter time ahead.
The Army Corps of Engineers failed to consult with federal wildlife agencies about the environmental impacts of the Keystone XL Pipeline, which we know will be dire and is required by law.

I'm taking legal action to challenge the permit and protect our environment.
I'm taking legal action with a coalition of AGs to fight back against two abortion bans in Tennessee that would create barriers to safe and legal abortions.

Tennessee’s unlawful efforts to deny women their constitutionally-guaranteed rights will not go unchallenged.
I'm leading a coalition against a new Trump administration rule that would limit work authorization for immigrants.

This rule would virtually eliminate work authorization for tens of thousands of people, harming our immigrant communities, small businesses, and state economies.
I'm humbled to be appointed a member of this critical task force.

We’re committed to a vaccine distribution plan that leaves no one behind, regardless of race, income, geographic area, or immigration status. https://t.co/3Ynqnxnwr0
After an investigation with @SDNYnews, we secured $6 million from an inpatient drug treatment center and its owner for falsely billing Medicaid through multiple illegal schemes, including bribing homeless individuals.

I won't tolerate any attempts to defraud New Yorkers.
#COVID19 is still spreading through our communities, and we all have to do our part.
 
Be smart. Wear a mask. Save lives.
.@Google has used its dominance to illegally squash competitors, monitor nearly every aspect of our digital lives, and profit to the tune of billions.

We filed this lawsuit because no company should have this much unchecked power, period.
https://t.co/3OoStV3hae
Any further efforts by the president or his administration to violate the law will be met with fierce opposition, and we are confident we will win.

We will continue to do whatever is necessary to stop the president from putting politics above the law.
President Trump’s efforts to pick and choose who to count in the apportionment base of the #2020Census is as illegal today as it was when he made this announcement.

The law is clear, every person residing in the US during the census, regardless of legal status, must be counted.
I’m suing the @EPA over its attempt to weaken protections for farmworkers and their families from toxic pesticides.
 
We know the grave and long-term dangers of pesticides and it's unconscionable that the @EPA would intentionally jeopardize the health and safety of Americans.
Just like our lawsuit against @Facebook, today's lawsuit should once again send a clear message to @Google and every other company:
 
Efforts to stifle competition, reduce innovation, or cut privacy protections will be met with the full force of my office.
For decades, @Google has served as the gatekeeper of the internet and has weaponized our data to kill off competitors and control our decision making.

While @Google continues to make billions in profits, we're all paying more for the services we use every day.
#BREAKING: I'm filing a lawsuit against @Google with 37 AGs to end its illegal monopoly in search services.
 
It doesn’t take a web search to understand that unchecked corporate power shouldn’t have disproportionate control over our data and information.
I wrote a letter to the White House today to remind the Trump administration that it must preserve and maintain all presidential records.

By law, every bit of this information belongs to the American people, and this president and the White House cannot deprive them of it.
#BREAKING: A judge just ruled that the Trump Organization must turn over additional documents related to my office's ongoing investigation.

We will continue to follow the facts wherever they may lead us.
Landlords that exploit tenants and destroy affordable housing cannot succeed without equally unscrupulous financing.

Today, we’re putting private equity firms and landlords on notice that we won’t tolerate any form of tenant harassment.
We're delivering over a million dollars in rent credits and housing placements for 10 homeless families after we found Madison Realty Capital aided one of NYC’s worst landlords, Raphael Toledano, in his scheme to harass and push innocent tenants out of rent-stabilized homes.
RT @CNYCN: @TishJames putting NYC homeowners &amp; families first! 

Thank you for your fight to end the tax lien sale, and with much needed re…
8 years ago, twenty children and six educators were murdered in the mass shooting at #SandyHook.

Today, we honor the lives that were tragically taken and recommit to taking action to bring an end to this senseless violence in our nation.  #NeverForget
We all have a duty to keep being vigilant and do our parts to stop the spread of #COVID19.

Be smart. Wear a mask. Save lives.
We filed this lawsuit because no company should have this much unchecked power.
 
Illegally stifling competition, reducing innovation, and cutting privacy protections won't be tolerated.
https://t.co/fHdABmOkhL
The Supreme Court has denied Texas’ efforts to invalidate the results of the #2020Election.

The will of the people will be heard. https://t.co/URa0VL4clF
Frontline workers are still battling this pandemic day in and day out, risking their own lives for the rest of us.

Be smart. Wear a mask. Save lives.
I’m taking action at the Supreme Court with a coalition of AGs to fight back against the Texas Attorney General's baseless attempts to invalidate the #2020Election results in Pennsylvania, Georgia, Wisconsin, and Michigan.

The people have spoken, and their voices will be heard.
For years, @Facebook has been illegally crushing competition and building a powerful monopoly.

No company should have this much unchecked power, period. https://t.co/yTKXpYht4N
Happy #Hanukkah to all who are celebrating in New York and across the country.

While this year's celebration may look different, Hanukkah reminds us that there are always miracles of light even in the darkest of times. Chag Sameach!
RT @AOC: Good.

Facebook is absolutely an out-of-control monopoly - one that has abused its market power to squash competition, manipulate…
Yesterday, we sued @Facebook to fight back against the harms caused to consumers and the economy when market power is unchecked and unregulated.

We won't allow profits to be put ahead of consumers' wellbeing.
https://t.co/yWhTSRQjWk
Today’s suit should send a clear message to Facebook and every other company:
 
Efforts to stifle competition, reduce innovation, or cut privacy protections will be met with the full force of almost every attorney general's office in the nation.
Facebook has used its monopoly power to crush smaller rivals and snuff out competition, all at the expense of everyday users.
 
Instead of improving its own product, Facebook took advantage of consumers and made billions of dollars converting their personal data into a cash cow.
#BREAKING: I'm leading a bipartisan coalition of 48 attorneys general in a lawsuit against @Facebook to end its illegal monopoly.

We are taking action to stand up for the millions of consumers and many small businesses that have been harmed by Facebook’s illegal behavior.
RT @TheView: TOMORROW: New York Attorney General @TishJames joins us LIVE to weigh in on the latest headlines and to discuss her investigat…
Congratulations to @XavierBecerra on being nominated Secretary of HHS. AG Becerra has long fought for our communities and has worked tirelessly to protect access to quality, affordable health care.
 
I know he'll continue that work in Washington.
After a six-year investigation, we're delivering $86.3 million to homeowners nationwide after mortgage servicer @MrCooper put their own profits over tens of thousands of Americans.

Our work on this case will directly help thousands of NY homeowners &amp; hold @MrCooper accountable.
After our investigation with @nyspolice &amp; @NYSLabor, we charged Robert Decker with stealing thousands of dollars in unemployment benefits as part of the CARES Act.

Decker illegally filed for and collected unemployment funds, despite having a job, and stole from those in need.
We've secured $4.7 million after the supermarket chain Food World and its owner underreported cash sales and paid workers off the books to avoid taxes.

My office has no tolerance for tax cheats who evade paying their fair share and leave others to foot the bill.
Honored to swear in @QnsBPRichards today as the new Queens Borough President.

I know you’re going to make the people of Queens proud. https://t.co/qAT6Ix1VxQ
After our investigation with @NYPDnews, we arrested and charged Paul Alexander with multiple counts of sex trafficking minors.

There is nothing more reprehensible than sexually exploiting a child and I will use every tool at my disposal to hold this individual accountable.
I ordered dozens of retailers across New York to immediately stop selling e-cigarette products to minors and flavored vaping products, which are both illegal in New York.

I won't allow businesses to skirt the law and jeopardize the health of young New Yorkers.
A judge has ruled in our favor and ordered the Trump administration to fully restore #DACA, including opening up the program to new applicants for the first time since 2017.
 
My office will always fight to protect immigrants and ensure DACA is #HereToStay. https://t.co/QwRtfLIAgs
I'm leading a coalition urging Congress to guarantee everyone living in the US can obtain a #COVID19 vaccine at no cost.

We must ensure there are no economic barriers to receiving this lifesaving vaccine, especially those in communities most devastated by the pandemic.
Congrats to my colleague and friend @AGKarlRacine on being elected President of @NatlAssnAttysGn.

I'm honored to have been selected to the executive committee and look forward to working with a bipartisan group of AGs to protect the rule of law and the people of this nation.
As the independently elected attorney general of New York, I have a sworn duty to protect and uphold state law. 

Unlike the president and the unfounded accusations he hurled today, we are guided by the facts and the law, and the politics stop at the door. 

Period.
I urge New Yorkers to follow these tips when donating to charities this holiday season and beyond.
 
If you believe an organization is misrepresenting its work or that a scam is taking place, report it to my office:
 
charities.bureau@ag.ny.gov https://t.co/k87bJCezrJ
#GivingTuesday is a great opportunity to give back, and my office is here to help.

Our Pennies for Charity report provides New Yorkers with tips for charitable giving and helps to ensure your donations are being used as you intended.
https://t.co/QGYbcNiEv6
RT @thereidout: Trump takes his efforts to subvert the census to the Supreme Court.

@TishJames joins #thereidout tonight for more. https:/…
The Green Light law is legal, and today’s decision marks the third federal court to dismiss challenges seeking to block it.

I am proud to have vigorously defended this law that will allow immigrants to obtain driver's licenses in New York.
 
https://t.co/0iMYh7ie7S
Mi oficina ha desafiado cada intento de la administración Trump de obstruir un recuento justo y un reparto legal en el #censo2020.

Todos cuentan y continuaremos la lucha para asegurar que todos sean contados.
My office has challenged every attempt the Trump administration has made to obstruct a fair count and a lawful apportionment in the #2020Census.

Everyone counts and we will continue the fight to ensure everyone is counted.
Los repetidos intentos del Presidente Trump de impedir, perjudicar y prejuzgar el #Censo2020 ha fracasado repetidamente, y tenemos toda la confianza de que sus acciones ilegales volverán a fracasar.

Todos cuentan, y por lo tanto, todos deben ser contados.
President Trump’s repeated attempts to hinder, impair, and prejudice an accurate #2020Census have repeatedly failed, and we have all the confidence that his illegal actions will fail once again.

Everyone counts, and therefore, everyone must be counted.
La Constitución y el Acto del Censo son claras: todos que residan en los EE.UU. durante el censo, sin importar su estatus legal, deben ser contados.

El presidente trata de politizar el censo para negar a los estados con inmigrantes, como NY, representación justa en el Congreso.
The Constitution &amp; Census Act are crystal clear — every person residing in the US during the census, regardless of legal status, must be counted.

The president is trying to politicize the census to deny immigrant-rich states, like New York, our fair representation in Congress.
Hoy, vamos a la Corte Suprema para continuar nuestro desafío contra el intento del presidente Trump de politizar el #Censo2020 y excluir a los inmigrantes indocumentados del reparto del Congreso.

No permitiremos que este presidente ponga la política por encima de la ley.
Today, we're going to the Supreme Court to continue our challenge against President Trump's attempt to politicize the #2020Census and exclude undocumented immigrants from the congressional apportionment.

We won't allow this president to put politics above the law.
Otra vez, la administración Trump trata de ilegalmente dejar a millones de inmigrantes indocumentados fuera del #censo2020 y negar a estados como NY una representación justa en el Congreso. 

Mañana, iremos a la Corte Suprema para luchar y asegurarnos de que todos sean contados.
Once again, the Trump administration is trying to illegally leave millions of undocumented immigrants out of the #2020census and deny states like New York fair representation in Congress. 

Tomorrow, we're going to the Supreme Court to fight back and ensure everyone is counted.
Small businesses have been devastated by #COVID19, and they need our support now more than ever.

Check out some of my favorites: @choicebrooklyn, @greenlightbklyn, and @BedStuyFishFry.

Be smart. Shop local. Wear a mask. #SmallBusinessSaturday
New York: Remember you don't have to feel sick to spread #COVID19.

Be smart. Wear a mask. Get tested.
New Yorkers, I’m thankful for your compassion, strength, and resilience.

Happy Thanksgiving to you, your families, and your loved ones.
This year has presented many challenges to all of us, but we still have so much to be thankful for.

I'm grateful for those working on the frontlines of this pandemic, for essential workers, for those wearing masks, social distancing, and making sacrifices for the greater good.
We're delivering $17.5 million nationwide after @HomeDepot's massive data breach compromised the personal information of about 40 million consumers.

We will continue to use every instrument in our toolbox to hold accountable companies that fail to safeguard personal information.
The example Mayor David Dinkins set for all of us shines brighter than the most powerful lighthouse imaginable, and I stand on his shoulders.

New York will mourn Mayor Dinkins and continue to be moved by his towering legacy. My deepest condolences to his family and loved ones.
Thank you to all the survivors for your courage and commitment to justice. It takes immense bravery to come forward and share such traumatic and painful experiences.

We will continue to fight for you and for the justice you have long deserved.
https://t.co/zt8ENh9GZy
While we will never be able to undo these horrific acts, we will do everything in our power to hold the Buffalo Diocese and its leadership accountable and ensure this never happens again.
The Buffalo Diocese failed to investigate allegations of sexual misconduct by priests. 

Instead, they covered up credible claims and protected the accused priests by deeming them "unassignable" or allowing them to retire or go on purported medical leave.
#BREAKING: I filed a lawsuit against the Catholic Diocese of Buffalo and former senior leaders after we found they failed to follow mandated policies and procedures that would help to prevent the rampant sexual abuse of minors by priests within the Catholic Church.
Without the rule of law and an orderly transfer of power, everything from commerce to health care delivery to national security is in peril.

This is about protecting our democracy. It’s time for the Trump administration to begin a peaceful transition.

https://t.co/ApUS8jQPae
New York: #COVID19 cases are rising and we all need to step up and do our part.
 
Be smart. Practice social distancing. Wear a mask.
This pandemic will not go away until everyone receives the vaccine, no matter their race, income, neighborhood, geographic area, or immigration status.

A distribution plan cannot be a plan that only works for the privileged.
https://t.co/amsYPbmuwr
RT @AARPNY: Underway as @BethNY introduces @NewYorkStateAG @TishJames, who says "illegal robocalls make up fast-growing share of phone traf…
This Transgender Day of Remembrance and every day, we remember and honor those who have lost their lives to transphobia and violence.
 
Trans rights are human rights, and I will always fight to ensure you have the right to be who you are.
As New Yorkers continue to hurt because of #COVID19, I will not accept a pay raise next year that is due by law. 

I stand in solidarity with our state's workers, who are not receiving raises, and with all those who are struggling at this time.
New York: We all have a duty to do our part and protect our state.
 
Be smart. Practice social distancing. Wear a mask.
NYC's taxi medallion owners have been economically devastated in recent years, and the New York Taxi Workers Alliance relief package provides a responsible way to help these small businesses and the industry recover.

It's essential that we provide this relief immediately.
My office will work with local law enforcement to prosecute those who engage in "Revenge Porn" to the fullest extent of the law.

If you're engaging in intimate conversations and picture sharing, I urge you to follow these tips to protect yourself:

https://t.co/S0MXNwKXw7
During this pandemic, we have seen a rise in instances of "Revenge Porn," where people threaten to disclose intimate images or recordings of their partners.

We're issuing guidance to New Yorkers to protect their privacy against this vicious form of humiliation and control.
We stopped 3 Amazon sellers from price gouging hand sanitizer and other cleansing products during the #COVID19 pandemic, and we're delivering funds back to New Yorkers who were cheated.

Price gouging during a public health crisis is unconscionable and it won't be tolerated.
We have a legacy of free and fair elections in this nation, and this election was no different.

This week, I urged Attorney General Barr to immediately reverse this policy because the will of the people must be heard.
https://t.co/U7aqz3JgVt
In another major victory, a court has ruled the Trump administration cannot defy the Supreme Court and must continue the #DACA program in full.

We will continue to use every tool at our disposal to protect #DACA and the recipients of this program.
#Diwali reminds us that light always outshines darkness, that good always prevails over evil.

To all those who are celebrating the festival of lights, I wish you a Happy Diwali.
Any attempt by Donald Trump to deny New York access to a lifesaving #COVID19 vaccine will be met with a lawsuit, plain and simple. 

Stop playing politics with people's lives.
This policy is nothing more than an attempt to divide Americans and instill doubt in our elections.

The people have spoken and AG Barr must reverse this decision immediately.
https://t.co/dIzUseGnQA
One year ago, we went to the Supreme Court to defend #DACA and fight back against the Trump administration's attempts to dismantle this vital program – and we won.
 
I will always fight for our immigrant communities and ensure our country is a land of opportunity. #HereToStay https://t.co/DhoclWQTFK
#COVID19 cases are rising, and we all need to step up and do our part.
 
Be smart. Wear a mask.
Our veterans put their lives on the line to protect our country and its people — the very definition of a hero.

We thank you for your service, your bravery, and all that you sacrificed. We are forever grateful. #VeteransDay
Today, we fought for the 20 million Americans who were previously uninsured, for women who deserve access to reproductive care, and for funding for our nation's public health systems.

The #ACA saves lives and we're confident the court will agree. #ProtectOurCare
133 million Americans with a pre-existing condition are at risk of losing their health coverage if the #ACA is overturned.

Health care is a right, not a privilege, and today I'm fighting back at the Supreme Court to #ProtectOurCare from the Trump administration.
We filed a lawsuit to force the Trump admin's @ENERGY to meet legally mandated deadlines to update energy efficiency standards of common home and industrial appliances.

Abandoning this responsibility is illegal, it harms our environment, and costs consumers billions of dollars.
Our work isn’t over: The Trump administration is trying to strip health care away from millions of Americans by dismantling the #ACA in the middle of a pandemic.

Tomorrow, we're going to the Supreme Court to fight back and #ProtectOurCare.
The people have spoken. 

Congratulations to President-elect @JoeBiden and Vice President-elect @KamalaHarris.
Millionaires and billionaires cannot be allowed to evade taxes while every day Americans pay their fair share.
 
That's why we filed a lawsuit against @Sothebys for allegedly helping wealthy clients evade sales tax and defrauding New York taxpayers out of millions.
The American people will have their voices heard in this election.

Count the votes.
In America, the people choose their president; the president doesn't choose his voters. To suggest it be done otherwise is a blatant power grab. 
 
States will continue to count legally cast ballots. The will of the people will be heard.
Many Americans safely and securely cast their ballots by mail, just as our overseas soldiers have done for decades.

The count continues and the voice of the people will be heard in this election.
We have a legacy of free and fair elections in this nation, and this election will be no different.

All of the votes will be counted.
State and local officials across our nation are hard at work doing their jobs and counting the votes.

Be patient. The will of the people will be heard.
Just because a candidate declares victory, it doesn’t make it so.

A winner is determined after the ballots are counted.
State leaders and election officials are hard at work getting the job done, because if American democracy is going to work, we must respect the will of the people.
Millions of Americans voted this year, and due to #COVID19, many of them safely and securely cast their ballots by mail, just as our overseas soldiers have done for decades.

It's going to take time to count all these votes.
The voters decide the outcome of the election, and there will be no official winner until the votes are counted. https://t.co/9p4yK9gTpc
We must be patient and allow local and state officials to do their jobs. Voting is the core of our democracy and that means counting the votes.

The voice of the people will be heard.
There will be no official winner until the votes are counted. 
 
The will of the people must be heard.
We have a legacy of free and fair elections in our nation. Right now, public servants in states around the nation are hard at work counting votes. 

The final result may take some time, but rest assured, the will of the people will be heard. #Election2020
New York: The polls have closed, but if you're in line to #vote: STAY IN LINE!

You have a right to cast your ballot. If you have any issues, immediately contact my office:

https://t.co/xWwpsAwf96
New Yorkers have one hour left to go #VOTE!

As long as you're in line by 9PM, you have a right to cast your ballot. #ElectionDay
New York: As long as you are in line to vote by 9PM, you have the right to cast your ballot.

Wear a mask, go #vote, and make your voice heard. #ElectionDay
This order will ensure the will of the people decides the outcome of this election, not the Trump administration.
 
We will continue to fight for every voice to be heard, and I urge all Americans who have yet to #vote to do so now.
https://t.co/JsjMuv7Eoz
Together with state leaders across the nation, we are working hard to protect your right to #vote.

We will hold anyone who tries to hinder your right to #vote accountable to the fullest extent of the law.
Our nation has a legacy of free and fair elections, and this election will be no different. Voters should rest assured that voting is safe and secure, and everyone should exercise this fundamental right.
Voting is a cornerstone of our democracy. Attempts to hinder voters from casting ballots by spreading misinformation is illegal and will not be tolerated.

That’s why I am actively investigating robocalls allegedly spreading disinformation.
#ElectionDay is democracy in action. Your voice matters, so make sure you #VOTE.

New Yorkers, report any issues at the polls to our Election Protection Hotline:

https://t.co/xWwpsAwf96 https://t.co/NKMLmg2adY
Your right to #vote is the core of our nation's democracy.
 
Use it. #ElectionDay https://t.co/s069qO3gvP
It's #ElectionDay, New York!
 
Make a plan and #VOTE. The polls are open from 6AM-9PM.
 
If you have any issues casting your ballot, contact my office:
 
https://t.co/xWwpsAwf96 https://t.co/UQ1upqFYHy
@JulieRayComedy @BOENYC Please report this to my office:

https://t.co/xWwpsAwf96
If you haven't already voted, the polls will be open tomorrow from 6AM to 9PM in New York.
 
You can cast your ballot in person or drop off your absentee ballot. Make a plan and #VOTE. #Election2020
My office is committed to ensuring every single vote is counted in this year's election.
 
Any New Yorker who has an issue casting their ballot should contact my office:
 
https://t.co/xWwpsAwf96
New Yorkers: Remember, if you’re already standing in line when the polls close today, you can stay in line and still #VoteEarly.

If you have any issues casting your ballot, contact my office:

https://t.co/xWwpsAwf96
New York: Today is the LAST DAY to #VoteEarly.

Be sure to get out and make your voice heard. If you have any issues casting your ballot, contact my office:

https://t.co/xWwpsAwf96 https://t.co/lbf5l0xjh6
#COVID19 doesn't care that it's #Halloween.

Be smart. Wear a mask.
Tomorrow is the LAST DAY to get out and #VoteEarly.
 
If you haven't already, make a plan and #VOTE. https://t.co/KM0SFd9NFK
There are 3 days left to get out and #VoteEarly in New York!
 
If you have any issues casting your ballot, my office wants to know:
 
https://t.co/xWwpsAwf96 https://t.co/hsUNaY1nY3
Today, a Latina woman finally earns what a white man earned in 2019.
 
That's 10 extra months to reach equal pay for the same kind of work.
 
We have a long way to go.

#LatinaEqualPayDay
https://t.co/pL9xsUVj14
The last day of Early Voting in New York is THIS Sunday, November 1st.

That's 4 more days to make a plan, wear a mask, and get out and #VOTE. #VoteEarly 

https://t.co/J0uryjtb1i https://t.co/yNLKVYmtUM
📢 Attention New Yorkers 📢
 
🤔 Make a plan

😷 Wear a mask

🗳️ #Vote

If you have any issues casting your ballot, contact my office:

https://t.co/xWwpsAwf96
New York: If you notice any irregularities on your ballot, or you receive an absentee ballot that is pre-filled or that you did not request, please contact my office:
 
https://t.co/xWwpsAwf96 https://t.co/IAqHHgxxbZ
New York: Don't wait to mail back your absentee ballot for this year's election!

Here are some tips for sending back your ballot. You can also drop your ballot off in-person at:

✅An early voting location

✅Your local Board of Elections

✅A polling site on #ElectionDay https://t.co/w6DxdtWlv6
I'm leading a coalition opposing a Trump administration rule that could lower wages and strip employer-sponsored health coverage and other protections for millions of workers across our nation.

I will fight back to protect workers &amp; stop this proposed rule from being finalized.
Rent-stabilization laws exist to protect tenants, and we won't allow landlords or developers to skirt them.
 
This is a notice to all bad actors seeking to take advantage of tenants: 

Not on my watch.
https://t.co/xVNa6lRsfB
I'm urging any New Yorker who experiences voter intimidation or misinformation leading up to and on #ElectionDay to immediately contact my office:
 
https://t.co/xWwpsAwf96
 
https://t.co/AVXXKmS7s9
As #ElectionDay approaches, don't wait to fill out your absentee ballot!
 
Here are some tips for New Yorkers voting by mail in this year's election: https://t.co/q14AKPAgaI
When it comes to #COVID19: Be smart, stay safe, and do your part to protect those around you.

✅ Wash your hands. 

✅ Practice social distancing. 

✅ Wear a mask.
Voting is fundamental to our nation’s democracy, and I’m standing with my colleagues in Brooklyn to kick off early voting in New York. #VoteEarlyDay 

If you have any issues at the polls, my office is here to help:

https://t.co/xWwpsAwf96 https://t.co/SQ5TYq9hst
New York: Early voting begins today!

I made my plan to vote, and this morning I proudly cast my ballot.

Now it's your turn: You can #VoteEarly until Sunday, November 1st. #VoteEarlyDay https://t.co/ROHYr1MKi4
New Yorkers can access our guidance here:
 
https://t.co/1enGqyBlLa
 
While voting in New York is safe and secure, I urge anyone who encounters barriers or issues to contact my office immediately.
 
https://t.co/xWwpsAwf96
All New Yorkers must be able to exercise their fundamental right to vote without coercion or intimidation.
 
That's why my office has issued guidance to local Board of Election offices and law enforcement to protect New Yorkers from voter intimidation on and before #ElectionDay.
New York: Early voting starts TOMORROW, October 24th!
 
Be sure to double-check your polling location and hours for early voting and get out and vote! #VoteEarly

https://t.co/J0uryjtb1i https://t.co/Du94CU2VTt
After failing to comply with this injunction for a month, today we secured a court order making it abundantly clear that the Trump admin must stop violating the law and must deliver all ballots immediately.

We will do everything in our power to protect people's right to vote. https://t.co/Eslc8SrSa0
As we continue to navigate the #COVID19 pandemic, New Yorkers must remain vigilant when it comes to donating to organizations in need.

Be sure to review information about the charity before you give &amp; use our resources for more tips. #CharityFraudOut

https://t.co/X9ub2qBCM9
I'm proud to stand with @commoncauseny and @nycpa to ensure every New Yorker's right to cast their ballot is protected in this year's election.

If you have any issues casting your ballot, my office wants to know:

https://t.co/xWwpsANQ0E https://t.co/Ht5VAH59ds
I'm leading a coalition to oppose the Trump administration's "Refusal of Care" rule.
 
This rule gives health care providers free license to openly discriminate and deny care to millions of Americans, and I'm fighting back.
Early voting in New York starts THIS Saturday, October 24th!
 
Use the link below to find your early voting polling location and make your plan to #VoteEarly.

https://t.co/J0uryjtb1i https://t.co/0bJfbbanbN
Today kicks off Charity Fraud Awareness Week!

During #COVID19, it's important to be aware of fraud and make sure your donations are supporting the organizations that you intended to support.

My office has resources available to help. #CharityFraudOut

https://t.co/X9ub2qBCM9
More New Yorkers will be voting by mail in this year's election due to #COVID19, and my office is committed to ensuring everyone can safely and effectively cast their ballots.
 
Here are some tips: https://t.co/QlZtq9yA40
A judge has ruled in our favor and blocked the Trump administration’s unlawful changes to SNAP.
 
This decision is a major victory for common sense and basic human decency in our nation.
https://t.co/DATfTf6Uva
The right to vote is paramount to our nation's democracy, and the time to make a plan to vote in this year's election is now.
 
My office has resources and election information available to New Yorkers:
 
https://t.co/4m7RaAHMXd https://t.co/Q58D6KF4jS
I'm proud to stand with @glaad and #LGBTQ+ youth in New York and across our entire nation this #SpiritDay.

We all have a duty to stand tall for love.💜
The #2020Census is a fundamental tool of our democracy, and without an accurate count, New York runs a very real risk of losing representation, federal funds &amp; more.

The deadline for New Yorkers to complete the census is TOMORROW at 6AM ET. Get counted:

https://t.co/jXkjNwsVi4
Reminder: #COVID19 is still a risk.

Wash your hands for at least 20 seconds with warm water and soap and wear a mask. #GlobalHandwashingDay
New York: You must complete the #2020Census by THIS Friday at 6AM ET.

This is urgent. Our state needs its fair share of representation in Congress and federal funding.

It takes 10 minutes to fill out the form online:

https://t.co/jXkjNwsVi4
A court has ruled in our favor and vacated the Trump administration's policy that attempted to block New Yorkers from enrolling or reenrolling in Global Entry and other Trusted Traveler Programs.

We'll continue to defend New York laws and the residents of our state.
Election Day is three weeks away, and there are some important dates and deadlines along the way.
 
Be sure to make your plan to cast your ballot now and use our resources for more tips.

https://t.co/gjZTarqVi6 https://t.co/u6uhtUmDD9
Joyce Dinkins dedicated her time in public service to making New York City a better place to grow up, and her work will live on.

My deepest condolences to Mayor Dinkins and the entire Dinkins family.
https://t.co/dWusFCcWII
No matter where you may be on your journey, you belong and I will always fight for your right to be who you are.

#NationalComingOutDay
Navigating this pandemic isn't easy, and this entire year has been challenging on our mental health, to say the least.

To any New Yorker who may need support, there are resources available to you:
 
https://t.co/smbUaJB1Cd
 
#WorldMentalHealthDay
RT @HabitatNYC: Thank you to @NewYorkStateAG for loaning our ReStore two awesome electric trucks from @FusoTruck for another year! https://…
Today is the LAST day to register to vote for this year's election in New York.
 
Don't wait: Get registered now, and make a plan to vote.
 
It's your right.

https://t.co/Nj3cqCUa2H https://t.co/t42Zc9l8zM
This year, more New Yorkers will be voting by mail due to the #COVID19 pandemic, and my office wants to be sure everyone can safely and effectively vote by mail in New York.
 
Here are some tips: https://t.co/rt4Egd9rFi
New York: The time to confirm your voter registration for this year's election is now.
 
The deadline to get registered is this Friday, October 9th.
 
Use the link below to make sure you're registered and make a plan to vote. It's your right.
 
https://t.co/NHK4g0tYyo https://t.co/7shyNPiald
I'm leading a nationwide coalition asking the Supreme Court to review a decision that upheld the Trump administration's Title X "Gag Rule."

We're taking action because this dangerous rule will prevent millions of women from accessing reproductive health care services.
#COVID19 is serious. We cannot let our guards down. Wash your hands. Wear a mask.
After our investigation with @nyspolice, 3 home improvement contractors have been charged in a million-dollar scheme defrauding dozens of homeowners and businesses across upstate New York.

We won't allow anyone to take advantage of innocent New Yorkers.
We obtained a court order blocking @NYSC and @LucilleRoberts from charging any dues, fines, or penalties to New York members who submitted cancellation requests since 3/16 or charging members whose home gym remains closed today.
 
We'll continue to protect New Yorkers' wallets. https://t.co/VIRhYZYWmQ
We're extending our suspension of student, medical &amp; other debt owed to NYS that has been referred to my office for collection through November 3rd.
 
New Yorkers can apply to freeze other debt that was referred to my office for collection below:
https://t.co/QntgE8iTVy
The last day to register to vote in New York for this year's election is Friday, October 9th.
 
That's one week from today.
 
If you haven't already, use the link below to get registered, and start making your plan to vote.
 
https://t.co/DgHKi6UURr https://t.co/LhlPE9G6B3
New York: My office is looking for volunteers who can help us ensure every eligible voter can cast their ballot during early voting and on election day.
 
Use the link below to learn more and sign up:
 
https://t.co/0Er2KO7foW https://t.co/xnFWLDUlNa
We're delivering $39.5 million nationwide after health insurance company Anthem allowed a massive data breach that compromised the personal data of over 78 million customers, including 4.6 million in NY.

Companies must keep their consumers' private information secure, period.
All NYers who received absentee ballots should check if the security envelope matches their name.

If it doesn't, do not use the ballot to vote. Contact your local board of elections for a new ballot.

We're tracking this issue. Please report any problems: https://t.co/532eQdCJlI
I'm filing a lawsuit against @NYSC and @LucilleRoberts for illegally charging monthly dues during the #COVID19 shutdown and refusing to allow consumers to cancel their gym memberships or refund the credits they promised.

I won't allow these gyms to take advantage of New Yorkers.
The court has blocked the Trump administration’s attempt to arbitrarily and dramatically increase fees for immigration applications.

We took action in this case and we will continue to defend immigrant communities against this administration’s continued assaults. https://t.co/piAphR61Ez
These scams are not a joke, and we will work to educate New Yorkers to be vigilant and ready to act if targeted by these abusive debt collectors.

Use the resources below &amp; if you spot a scam, report it to my office or the @FTC:

https://t.co/VM9TrqFobV

https://t.co/gqfhvlo4eb https://t.co/znmzHLEsf5
My office partnered with the @FTC in Operation Corrupt Collector, a law enforcement sweep to crack down on phantom and abusive debt collection nationwide.
 
These bad actors will be held accountable for these greedy scams.
We just secured an injunction blocking the Trump administration’s attempt to dismantle the #USPS.

We will continue to do everything in our power to ensure every eligible voter can cast a ballot in November, period. https://t.co/BsMbaNYcJG
I'm wishing the Jewish community in New York and across our entire nation a meaningful and easy fast this Yom Kippur.

G’mar chatima tova.
New York: beware of anyone trying to talk you out of exercising your right to vote.

From deceptive robocalls, to mailings, TV, or social media, if you believe you've been a target of voter intimidation or misinformation, my office wants to know:

https://t.co/xWwpsAwf96 https://t.co/nM1tAB9RGZ
We delivered $22.7 million to New York after finding @NovartisUS paid off health care providers with cash, entertainment, and more to induce them to prescribe Novartis-brand medications.
 
Novartis cheated New York out of millions while putting people’s health at great risk.
Once again, the Trump admin has been blocked from undermining the #2020Census.

We have repeatedly taken the president to court over his attempts to politicize the census &amp; we will continue to do so whenever he tries to put politics above the Constitution.
https://t.co/xgLzNeUyO3
After we found C.R. Bard, Inc. and its parent company knowingly misled consumers about the safety and potential risks of transvaginal surgical mesh devices, we delivered $60 million nationwide.

I won't allow companies to endanger women to line their own pockets.
The court's order today makes clear that no one is above the law. https://t.co/Q2lcNA9eWp
The judge also ordered the Trump Organization to submit financial records about the Seven Springs Estate and other properties related to our investigation.
 
Justice and the rule of law prevailed today.
#BREAKING: A judge just ruled that Eric Trump can no longer delay an interview under oath with my office as part of our ongoing investigation into financial dealings of the Trump Organization.

Eric Trump must interview with my office by October 7th, 2020.
October 9th is the last day to register to vote in New York.
 
That's 17 days.
 
You can register:
 
✅Online through the DMV
 
✅In-person
 
✅By mail
 
Get registered today and vote: it's your right. #NationalVoterRegistrationDay 

https://t.co/Nj3cqCUa2H
Make no mistake: Climate change is real &amp; our nation is feeling its devastating impacts every single day.

As the Trump administration continues its dangerous environmental rollbacks, my office will continue to fight back to protect this nation &amp; our entire planet. #ClimateWeek
This order hypocritically lays the groundwork to defund New York and the very types of law enforcement President Trump pretends to care about.

The president should be prepared to defend this illegal order in court.
https://t.co/8aJLVMAt6V
Up until now, the release of footage has been up to the discretion of local authorities. 

This process has caused confusion, delays, and has hampered transparency in a system that should be as open as possible. 

I am changing that.
While in Rochester today, I announced a new policy that my office will proactively release body-worn camera footage as part of our investigation into police-involved civilian deaths. 

We will no longer wait for local authorities to determine when videos should be made available.
Dozens of children living in these apartments, all controlled by Angel Elliot Dalfin, have experienced lead poisoning, a serious danger to their health.

I will hold these bad actors accountable for their egregious behavior that puts our communities at risk.
I'm in Buffalo to file a lawsuit against landlords and property managers for violating lead paint laws in over 150 homes that are located primarily in low-income, communities of color.

Every family deserves to live in a home free of lead hazards. https://t.co/uMqIRI534l
Ruth Bader Ginsburg was a true American hero, and her legacy will live on in our nation forever.

We are all heartbroken.

May her memory be a blessing.
I'm wishing everyone in the Jewish community celebrating #RoshHashanah a happy and sweet new year.

May this day and this year be filled with peace, family, and good health.

#ShanahTovah!
New York: Our #2020Census self-response rate is still lagging behind the national average.
 
There's so much at stake for our state, and we're running out of time.
 
Fill out the census and #GetCounted:
 
https://t.co/jXkjNwsVi4
#COVID19 has been challenging in countless ways, but my office has been focused on supporting New Yorkers.

From ensuring stimulus funds can't be garnished, to stopping price gouging, and protecting workers, we will continue to help the people of NY.
https://t.co/crdtl6dyEb
Este mes de #HerenciaHispana Nacional, celebramos y honramos a nuestras comunidades hispanas y todo lo que han contribuido a nuestro país.

No hay duda de que nuestra cultura se ha enriquecido, nuestra economía es más robusta, y nuestra nación es más fuerte gracias a ellos.
This National #HispanicHeritageMonth, we celebrate and honor our Hispanic communities and all that they’ve contributed to our country.

There’s no doubt that our culture has been made richer, our economy stronger, and our nation greater because of them.
There is an inherent conflict of interest when the body entrusted with investigating the police is the very same body that is dependent on the work of the police.

This case demonstrates the imperative need for an independent, special prosecutor, and shows our powers at work.
Today we started our criminal trial against former Rensselaer DA Joel Abelove on charges of official misconduct and perjury related to a police-involved civilian death. 
 
This is exactly why my office serves as a special prosecutor in these cases.

https://t.co/z0IqDn9Sho
We're delivering over $5 million in debt relief to former ITT Tech students in New York after ITT threatened to kick them out if they didn’t take out loans at astronomical rates.

We should be helping students pursue higher education, not saddling them with a lifetime of debt.
Dunkin’ will pay refunds for the unauthorized use of customers’ “DD cards," pay penalties, and take action to fix the company's dangerous brew of lax security and negligence.

We will continue to hold businesses accountable and ensure they implement safe security practices.
In 2019, we filed a lawsuit against @dunkindonuts after we found the company knowingly failed to respond to cyberattacks on tens of thousands of online accounts.

Today, we’re delivering refunds and results to fill the holes in Dunkin's securities and protect New Yorkers.
From trying to punish Dreamers to targeting New Yorkers with an unlawful Trusted Traveler suspension, the Trump administration’s continued efforts to violate the law should be immediately stopped and all decisions already executed should be immediately vacated.
In a major victory, the courts have blocked the Trump administration’s efforts to limit access for asylum seekers to obtain authorization to work, and have found that Chad Wolf has had no authority as the acting secretary of @DHSgov. https://t.co/EQK88AmDEn
I'm filing a lawsuit to stop the @EPA from rolling back regulations on methane emissions and other harmful pollutants in the oil and gas industry.

These dangerous rollbacks will only accelerate the already devastating impacts of climate change and I won't stand for it.
We're holding one of the nation's largest debt collectors, Transworld Systems, Inc., accountable for using fraud and deception to manipulate student loan borrowers.

New Yorkers impacted will get back hundreds of thousands of dollars &amp; the protections they deserve under the law.
Completar el #2020census toma 10 minutos o menos en línea y puede hacerse con seguridad desde casa.

Son 10 minutos para 10 años de fondos federales y representación del gobierno.

No esperes, completa el censo ahora:

https://t.co/jXkjNwsVi4 https://t.co/gsvOCeNfkf
Completing the #2020Census takes 10 minutes or less online and can safely be done from home.

It's 10 minutes for 10 years of federal funding and government representation.

Don't wait, fill out the census now:

https://t.co/jXkjNwsVi4 https://t.co/ig2IctWn7t
We are still in the middle of this pandemic.

Be cautious. Be vigilant. Wear a mask.
19 years ago, our lives were upended by the terrorist attacks of September 11.

Our nation gathered in unity and resilience, and we have since rebuilt.

Today and every day, we honor and remember the first responders and those we lost. #NeverForget https://t.co/NZDCC5bdto
#ULTIMO: En una gran victoria, las cortes han decidido que el Presidente Trump no puede excluir a los inmigrantes indocumentados del reparto del Congreso en el #Censo2020.

Nadie deja de ser una persona por falta de documentación, y punto.
#BREAKING: In a major victory, the courts have ruled President Trump cannot exclude undocumented immigrants from congressional apportionment in the #2020Census.

No one ceases to be a person because they lack documentation, period. https://t.co/fUNsfM4e63
I just filed a motion to immediately stop the Trump administration from allowing health care providers to discriminate against LGBTQ+ individuals, women, and other vulnerable communities.

I will do everything in my power to ensure health care remains a right for every American. https://t.co/cNTriTuRRM
NY: La tasa de respuesta de nuestro estado al Censo 2020 está quedando atrás del resto de la nación. Si no hacemos nuestra parte y completamos el censo, Nueva York podría perder fondos federales y representación donde es importante.  Completa el censo hoy: https://t.co/Fi4SPiQ8Ck https://t.co/5psnu6hCj7
New York: Our state's response rate to the #2020Census is falling behind the rest of the nation.

If we don't all do our part &amp; complete the census, NY could lose critical federal funding &amp; representation where it matters.
 
Complete the census today:
https://t.co/jXkjNwsVi4 https://t.co/OKJHguwzgw
After our investigation with @NYSComptroller, former Mount Vernon Corporation Counsel Lawrence Porcari was sentenced to prison for defrauding taxpayers to pay for the personal expenses of the former mayor.

We will continue to root out corruption in every corner of New York.
I'm fighting a new Trump admin rule that arbitrarily and dramatically increases fees for immigration applications, and for the first time in US history, imposes fees on asylum-seekers.

The American Dream doesn't have a wealth test &amp; I won't stand for this assault on immigrants.
We secured a major victory for workers in New York and our nation in our lawsuit against the Trump administration’s Joint Employer Rule.

We will continue to fight to ensure the Trump administration does not interfere with hardworking Americans receiving the wages they deserve. https://t.co/isFgvaxkUe
The Trump Administration is still trying to force women to appear in-person to access abortion services during #COVID19.

I'm leading a coalition to take legal action in the Supreme Court to protect women's constitutional right to abortion and their health during this pandemic. https://t.co/TQbkPCZXeJ
This #LaborDay and every day, we thank all the workers who have been on the frontlines risking their own health and safety to protect others during the #COVID19 crisis.
 
Labor is the backbone of our nation and that's never been more evident.
Last week, I urged New York City to delay the tax lien sale to protect homeowners from further financial hardship during #COVID.

Because of our efforts, by law, NYC cannot enforce any liens before October 3. Any attempts to do so before then will result in action from my office. https://t.co/V1GXgW1UoV
President Trump’s threats to deny funds to New York are nothing more than a desperate, last ditch election strategy by a president too weak to lead us through the crises our nation is facing. 

President Trump, prepare for legal action if you threaten New York again.
Tomorrow, NYC is scheduled to have its tax lien sale, which will only exacerbate the financial hardships so many are already facing because of #COVID.

Once again, I'm urging @NYCMayor to delay this sale and support hardworking New Yorkers, not cause them greater harm.
#BREAKING: I just filed a motion to immediately block the Trump administration's attempt to dismantle the #USPS and undermine the November presidential election.
 
When I said I would do everything in my power to ensure every eligible voter can vote in November, I meant it. https://t.co/PCmAFiWlwP
RT @gillibrandny: I was proud to join @NewYorkStateAG, @RepJerryNadler and @galeabrewer to encourage every New Yorker to fill out the 2020…
RT @RepJerryNadler: New Yorkers are lagging behind in completing the census- denying us future funding, and giving up political power to st…
RT @galeabrewer: We only have a month left before #Census2020 ends! Happy to join @SenGillibrand, @RepJerryNadler, @JulieMenin, @HispanicFe…
Desde la representación del Congreso, a la financiación de nuestras:

🛣️ Carreteras

🏥 Hospitales

🏫 Escuelas

hay tanto en juego. 
 
Completa el censo hoy:

https://t.co/jXkjNwsVi4
Hoy me presento con @gillibrandny, @RepJerryNadler, y activistas para instar a los neoyorquinos a completar el #2020census.

Nuestra democracia depende del censo, y tenemos que asegurar el recuento más exacto de la población.

Nos quedan 30 días.
From Congressional representation, to funding for our:
 
🛣️Roads
 
🏥Hospitals
 
🏫Schools
 
there is so much at stake. 
 
Complete the census today:

https://t.co/jXkjNwsVi4
Today I'm standing with @gillibrandny, @RepJerryNadler, and advocates to urge New Yorkers to complete the #2020Census.

Our democracy depends on the census, and we have to ensure the most accurate count of the population.

We have 30 days left. https://t.co/guFXXo7MMM
Cutting the response period and outreach efforts could result in a significant undercount of the population.

Here's what's at stake:
 
➡️Representation in Congress.
 
➡️Hundreds of billions of dollars in federal funds.
 
➡️Programs like Medicaid, SNAP, and public housing.
I'm taking legal action against the Trump administration's attempt to shorten the response period for the #2020Census by an entire month.

This is another attempt to undermine the census and manipulate the population count to the president's liking and we're fighting back.
The buildings included in this sale are disproportionately located in communities of color and can result in New Yorkers losing their homes.

@NYCMayor must act immediately to remove over 4,700 residential properties from the sale to protect vulnerable homeowners.
I'm leading a coalition of 57 elected officials to urge @NYCMayor to protect homeowners and delay the city's annual tax and water lien sale as the #COVID19 crisis continues.

Now is the time to support hardworking homeowners, not saddle them with more financial hardship.
Federal agencies are legally required to study &amp; assess the environmental impacts of major projects prior to approval, but the Trump administration is trying to stop this critical practice.

I'm suing to stop this new rule that will only endanger our communities and environment.
We found that Michael Mann, CEO of MyPayRollHR, money laundered over $1 billion in stolen funds that were intended for employee paychecks and taxes.

We’re holding Mann accountable: he’s paying more than $100 million to his victims and will be sentenced to jail time.
A pesar de que la Corte Suprema ya decidió que los intentos del Presidente Trump de terminar con #DACA eran ilegales, esta admin. continúa amenazando a los Soñadores con la deportación
He tomado medidas legales para proteger a #DACA y asegurarme de que ellos estén #AquiParaQuedar
Despite the Supreme Court already ruling that President Trump’s attempts to end #DACA were unlawful, this administration continues to threaten Dreamers with deportation.

I'm taking legal action to fight back to protect the #DACA program and ensure these people are #HereToStay.
57 years ago the #MarchOnWashington brought hundreds of thousands together to call for civil and economic justice in this nation.

Today, this generation is rising up to remind us of how much work we still have left to bring an end to systemic racism in America. #MOW2020
RT @RepMaloney: The changes @USPS took to disrupt the mail and affect the upcoming election are dangerous, damming, and undemocratic. Thank…
This #WomensEqualityDay we celebrate how far we've come, but we also must recognize the work we have left.

From casting a ballot, to equal pay, to protecting women's access to health care, we will continue the progress towards true equality for every woman in our nation.
The courts have ruled that banning a transgender student from using a bathroom in line with their gender identity is unconstitutional &amp; violates Title IX.

We acted in this case because trans' rights are human rights &amp; we won't tolerate discrimination against any individual. https://t.co/7kJcBZlqgc
In America, women have a constitutional right to an abortion. Over the past few years, countless state governments — and even the federal government — have tried to infringe on that right.

Not on my watch: I’ll always stand up &amp; fight back to defend women’s reproductive rights.
RT @RepEspaillat: I’m proud to stand with New York AG @TishJames to stop the Trump administration’s attempts to dismantle the #USPS. We mus…
RT @RepKathleenRice: On Saturday, Congress passed the Delivering for America Act. And today, @NewYorkStateAG filed a lawsuit to stop the Pr…
Airbags are paramount to the safety of drivers, yet @Honda allegedly hid safety failures of airbags in its cars.

Due to our investigation, Honda will pay $85 million to impacted states &amp; will act to ensure this never happens again. Placing profits over safety won't be tolerated.
RT @RepJoeMorelle: Grateful to the @NewYorkStateAG for taking charge to hold the Trump Administration accountable and protect the millions…
This slowdown is nothing more than a voter suppression tactic, and we will do everything in our power to put a stop to the president's power grab and ensure every eligible voter has the opportunity to cast a ballot come November.
These disruptions are already having life-threatening impacts on veterans and seniors who aren't getting their medication, economic impacts on individuals waiting for their pensions and paychecks, and could significantly undermine the #USPS's ability to handle mail-in ballots.
#BREAKING: I just filed a lawsuit to stop President Trump from undermining the #USPS and the November presidential election.

These authoritarian actions are not only jeopardizing our democracy but the immediate health and financial well-being of Americans across the nation.
No individual, organization, entity, or elected official is above the law.

Period.
Nothing will stop us from following the facts and the law, wherever they may lead. 

These questions will be answered and the truth will be uncovered, because no one is above the law.
The Trump Organization has stalled, withheld documents, and instructed witnesses, including Eric Trump, to refuse to answer questions under oath.

That's why we filed a motion to compel the Trump Organization to comply with our lawful subpoenas for documents and testimony.
We are seeking thousands of documents and testimony from multiple witnesses regarding several Trump Organization properties and transactions, including from Eric Trump, who was intimately involved in one or more transactions under review.
Our investigation began after Michael Cohen testified before Congress that Trump’s annual financial statements inflated the values of his assets to obtain favorable terms for loans &amp; insurance coverage, while also deflating the value of other assets to reduce real estate taxes.
I took action to force the Trump Organization, and specifically EVP Eric Trump, to comply with my office’s ongoing investigation into its financial dealings. 

For months, the Trump Organization has failed to fully comply with our subpoenas in this investigation.
Jacob Blake should not be fighting for his life this morning, and his children never should have witnessed that horrible action.

I’m praying for Jacob’s recovery and for his children this morning.

We must continue to fight for equality. #BlackLivesMatter
The integrity of our elections is fundamental to our nation’s democracy and we won’t allow anyone to undermine them, not even the president of the United States.
 
That's why I will soon be filing a lawsuit to stop these efforts to dismantle the #USPS.
https://t.co/odlu7HbPxi
New York: Critical federal funding and seats in Congress are at stake in the #2020Census and it's up to every single one of us to do our part to ensure our state gets its fair share.
 
You still have time to get counted:
 
https://t.co/jXkjNwsVi4
For the second time in a month, I'm filing a lawsuit to stop the Trump administration from allowing predatory lenders to more easily take advantage of New Yorkers.

We won’t allow lenders to evade our strong consumer protection laws meant to protect New Yorkers' wallets.
Acts of hate against anyone in our communities is as shameful as it is wrong. New York won’t tolerate violence and hate in any corner of our state, period.

I wish Tarek a speedy recovery. https://t.co/Z4LsczoULi
We held Starbucks accountable for its actions and delivered this restitution fund because, in New York City, workers are entitled to paid sick leave.

⬇️ File a claim by Wednesday, 8/26 ⬇ https://t.co/f08KZ7iEEB
A judge has rejected Martin Shkreli and his company Vyera Pharma's attempt to dismiss our lawsuit against them.

This order will ensure our case continues and that at-risk patients and victims of their fraud get their day in court.
These hardworking people have been committed to their jobs, even through the most difficult of circumstances. 

It’s time that @JetBlue recognize all that they have done and give them the contract and the respect that they deserve. https://t.co/Tf9tq3fybW
President Trump’s efforts to dismantle the #USPS are nothing more than a tyrannical power grab by a man who is desperate to cling on to power.

I will soon be filing a lawsuit to stop the president’s attempts to undermine our elections and our democracy.
100 years ago, the #19thAmendment was ratified into our nation's constitution, giving women the right to vote.

But women of color were denied this right for years &amp; still face barriers today. We must remain committed to ensuring equality when it comes to voting. #WomensVote100
President Trump’s actions to interfere with the operations of the #USPS in advance of the presidential election are deeply disturbing.
 
I am swiftly examining every legal option to protect the postal service and ensure every eligible voter can cast their ballot come November.
As #COVID19 ravaged our country, Hillandale exploited hardworking New Yorkers to line its own pockets.

I will always stand up for working people, especially when they are taken advantage of by corporate greed.
https://t.co/Goi8rtKR7Y
When it comes to upholding the rule of law, I will never be afraid to stand up and do what's right.

https://t.co/KtGkdixli8
We're extending our suspension of student, medical &amp; other debt owed to NYS that has been referred to my office for collection through September 4th.

New Yorkers can apply to freeze other debt that was referred to my office for collection below:

https://t.co/QntgE8iTVy https://t.co/pNVzVYOLgT
The courts have denied the Trump Administration's latest attempt to force women to appear in-person to access abortion services in the middle of a pandemic.
 
This is a major victory for women's constitutional right to abortion across this nation. https://t.co/BurDCZgRR1
Today, a Black woman finally earns what a white man earned in 2019.

That's 226 days later to reach equal pay for the same kind of work.

We have a long way to go. 

#BlackWomensEqualPayDay 

https://t.co/NKZgWtD42e
One week ago, I filed a lawsuit to dissolve the @NRA.
 
We’re sending a loud and clear message that no matter how powerful or influential an organization is, they are not above the law. https://t.co/sUefAOUlaq
New York City: Join the #2020Census phone banking event tomorrow, August 13th to help us ensure our state gets its fair share of federal funding, congressional representation &amp; more.

And if you haven't already, fill out the #2020Census and #GetCounted:

https://t.co/jXkjNwsVi4 https://t.co/GmsPZA6GQD
Long Islanders who have suffered damages from loss of power can file a claim with @PSEGLI:
 
Apply here: https://t.co/Po2jgYoVFl
.@ConEdison is accepting claims from New York customers who lost power for more than 48 consecutive hours after #Isaias.
 
Your claim must be filed within 30 days of the date the power outage began.
 
Apply here: https://t.co/gdNlsAdflH
Hillandale made millions by cheating our most vulnerable communities &amp; our servicemembers. We're seeking restitution for those forced to unlawfully pay more for these eggs.

I'll always stand up for working people, especially when they are taken advantage of by corporate greed.
In March and April alone, Hillandale allegedly price gouged over 4 million cartons of eggs sold to major grocery store chains, food distributors &amp; U.S. military bases in New York.

These eggs were often sold in grocery stores located in low-income communities in New York City.
I filed a lawsuit against Hillandale Farms, one of the nation's largest egg producers, for illegally gouging the prices of eggs during the #COVID19 pandemic.

Hillandale exploited hardworking New Yorkers to line its own pockets and cheated our most vulnerable communities.
Tierra Williams is a hero. She spoke out and shined a light on sexual harassment in the construction industry, one often overlooked by the #MeToo movement.

Thanks to her bravery, my office was able to deliver $1.5 million to her and 17 other individuals.
https://t.co/yNp7wN1JRx
I'm leading a coalition to challenge the Trump administration’s unlawful effort to restrict legal immigration and temporary work visas.

This order will cause irreparable harm to our economies and communities, and our coalition will use every tool at our disposal to fight it.
Last week we:

➡️Filed a lawsuit to dissolve the @NRA.

➡️Acted to ensure everyone is counted in the #2020Census.

➡️Fought for women’s reproductive rights.

➡️Secured a victory for workers’ right to #COVID19-based sick leave.

I will always fight to protect New Yorkers.
A court ruled that a Florida school board violated Title IX &amp; the Constitution’s guarantee of equal protection by barring a transgender boy from using the same restroom as other boys.

I took legal action in this case because everyone deserves equal protection under the law.
The @NRA’s influence has been so powerful that the organization went unchecked for decades while top executives, including Wayne LaPierre, funneled millions into their own pockets.

Not anymore: I'm holding them accountable for their fraud and abuse.
https://t.co/3i5YhTSeZk
I just filed a motion to halt President Trump's efforts to illegally leave millions of undocumented immigrants out of the congressional apportionment in the #2020Census.

I will take every legal action available to ensure all communities are properly represented in Congress.
To be clear, no charity registered in NYS, including the @NRA, can dissolve and relocate to another state without the approval of my office or of the Supreme Court of NY.

As long as our lawsuit continues, the NRA must stay right where it is &amp; answer for their deep-rooted fraud.
I’m about to join @maddow to discuss the lawsuit my office filed today to dissolve the @NRA.

Tune in.
It's clear that the @NRA has been failing to carry out its stated mission for many years, and today, we sent a strong and loud message that no one is above the law.

Not even the @NRA. https://t.co/TwkD7xXEUQ
In New York, we have a set of laws that every individual and entity must be held accountable to, regardless of its size, influence, power, or wealth.

No one is above the law, not even the NRA, one of the most powerful organizations in this country.
They and board members at the NRA abused their power &amp; illegally diverted or facilitated the diversion of tens of millions of dollars from the NRA.

The NRA has failed to carry out its stated mission for many years, and instead, operated as a breeding ground for greed and abuse.
The four defendants failed to fulfill their fiduciary duty to the NRA and used millions upon millions from NRA reserves for personal use, including:

➡️trips for them and their families to the Bahamas &amp; safaris in Africa
➡️private jets
➡️expensive meals
➡️and other private travel
Our lawsuit charges the NRA as a whole and four senior leaders, including Wayne LaPierre, with failing to manage the NRA’s funds and failing to follow numerous state and federal laws.

These actions contributed to the loss of more than $64 million in just three years for the NRA.
We are seeking to dissolve the NRA for years of self-dealing and illegal conduct that violate New York’s charities laws and undermine its own mission.
 
The NRA diverted millions of dollars away from its charitable mission for personal use by senior leadership.
#BREAKING: I filed a lawsuit to dissolve the National Rifle Association for years of self-dealing and illegal conduct.
 
The @NRA is fraught with fraud and abuse.
 
No organization is above the law.
We are still in the middle of a pandemic, yet the Trump administration is once again trying to force women to appear in-person to access abortion services.

I'm fighting back to ensure no woman is forced to risk her health while exercising her constitutional right to an abortion.
The president has once again tried to illegally exclude people living in the US from being counted in the #2020Census &amp; now is trying to end the census early to marginalize even more people.
 
We’re fighting back at an emergency hearing today because everyone must be counted.
I'm leading a coalition to challenge the Trump administration’s efforts to limit access for asylum seekers to obtain authorization to work.
 
These policies are morally and economically dangerous, and we will not allow them to stand.
Join us today at 11:15 AM for our roundtable about defending reproductive rights:

https://t.co/4GZwEB0u8U https://t.co/1qdnaozO62
The Trump administration is still trying to block immigrants from seeking asylum into our nation unless they do so through a port of entry, and I'm taking action to fight back.

I will always fight to ensure America remains a beacon of hope for those seeking refuge &amp; safety here.
#BREAKING: A judge has ruled in our favor and declared the Trump administration's attempt to restrict #COVID19-based sick leave is unlawful.
 
This is a major victory for workers across New York and our entire nation. https://t.co/82MX6POKRp
I'm hosting a roundtable with @gillibrandny and reproductive rights leaders tomorrow, August 4th at 11:15AM to talk about protecting access to abortion and reproductive care, the need for racial justice in reproductive rights, and more.

Join us: https://t.co/ETCqOmLIQP
Reminder: #COVID19 doesn’t care that it’s the weekend.

Be smart. Wear a mask.
We're providing $10 million in grant funding to support New York homeowners struggling with foreclosure.

As we continue to navigate this pandemic, the need for assistance and guidance to get homeowners back on track has never been more important.
As we mark the end of the Hajj, a time for spiritual renewal, compassion, and mercy, I wish all who celebrate a joyous #EidAlAdha.
We recovered $1.85 million after we found the IT company, Computer Sciences Corporation, was using New York City's Early Intervention Program to commit Medicaid fraud.
 
CSC was diverting hard-earned taxpayer dollars from programs meant for our children. Not on my watch.
New York will lead in fighting any of Trump's efforts to delay the election and deny our right to vote. 

We are examining all legal options. https://t.co/IE9hpPa0P5
The courts have blocked the Trump administration’s efforts to further restrict the approval of visas for immigrants seeking to enter the US.
 
We took action in this case and despite the president’s continued assaults on immigrants, we will never stop fighting to protect them. https://t.co/oKxb3torg7
#ULTIMO: Aseguramos un mandato judicial para bloquear la regla de Cargo Público para que no entre en efecto durante la pandemia #COVID19 y mientras nuestra demanda está pendiente.

Es una gran victoria proteger la salud de nuestras comunidades por todo NY y la nación entera.
#BREAKING: We secured an injunction to block the Public Charge rule from taking effect during the #COVID19 pandemic and while our legal challenge is pending.
 
This is a major victory to protect the health of our communities across New York and the entire nation. https://t.co/Y2j3aZDWue
I filed a lawsuit to stop a new Trump Administration rule that would allow predatory lenders to charge New Yorkers triple-digit interest rates on loans and more easily take advantage of consumers.

I will protect the wallets of vulnerable New Yorkers during this crisis &amp; beyond.
We stopped IMPACT Medical’s illegal scam to sell non-existent PPE to New Yorkers in need.

IMPACT Medical took advantage of this crisis by charging exorbitant prices for products they couldn't deliver, putting the health and safety of so many at risk.

https://t.co/JDvcr2ty1o
A big shout out to @Ibrahim_Khan for his much deserved recognition on @CityAndStateNY "2020 Power of Diversity" list.

I'm proud to have you as a partner fighting for the people of New York every day. 
https://t.co/uFpStS6LwG
It's a new week, #COVID19 is still with us, and we are still in the middle of a pandemic.

Be smart. Wear a mask.
30 years ago the Americans with Disabilities Act was signed into law, giving long overdue, basic rights and accessibility to those with disabilities in our nation.

Today and every day we continue to fight for equality and inclusivity for everyone in America. #ADA30
President Trump’s proclamation is the latest in a long list of anti-immigrant actions he has made since the beginning of his first campaign.

No one ceases to be a person because they lack documentation, which is why I filed this lawsuit to fight back.
https://t.co/qJQjsvkydf
#ULTIMO: Estoy demandando al Presidente Trump por buscar ilegalmente excluir a los inmigrantes indocumentados del reparto del Congreso en el Censo 2020.

Hemos vencido al presidente antes en la corte, y lo venceremos de nuevo.
#BREAKING: I'm suing President Trump for illegally seeking to exclude undocumented immigrants from congressional apportionment in the #2020Census.

We beat the president before in court, and we will beat him again.
RT @bradhoylman: .@NewYorkStateAG Tish James notches a victory for the people of New York. We’re lucky to have her.
The Trump Administration is backing down and restoring Global Entry and other Trusted Traveler Programs to New Yorkers.

This policy was political retribution, plain and simple, and we will continue to defend New York laws and protect our state's residents. https://t.co/Yxu9G6BW8h
RT @ManhattanTimes: Venom Vapes

@NewYorkStateAG Letitia James has ordered three e-cigarette manufacturers — Cloud X Vapes, HQD Tech USA &amp;…
In 2020, we have worked tirelessly to combat gun violence:

➡️Shut down companies selling ghost guns in NY.

➡️Blocked release of ghost gun files online.

➡️Defended states’ rights to enact sensible gun reform.
 
➡️Taken down gun rings, seizing countless guns &amp; assault weapons.
The @EPA is trying to infringe on states' rights to protect their own waters under the Clean Water Act.

I filed a lawsuit against this reckless rule that puts the health of the environment and New Yorkers at risk.
https://t.co/bT3Cf8s84z
Según la ley, toda persona que resida en los E.E.U.U durante el censo, independientemente de su condición de inmigrante, debe ser contada.

Hemos vencido al presidente antes, y lo desafiaremos una vez más. Nadie deja de ser una persona por falta de documentación.

Lucharemos.
Under the law, every person residing in the United States during the census, regardless of immigration status, must be counted.
 
We beat the president before, and we’ll challenge him once again. No one ceases to be a person because they lack documentation.
 
We will fight back. https://t.co/bT1LKx5ZdQ
The Trump administration's attempt to remove protections in the #ACA would allow health care providers to discriminate against LGBTQ+ individuals, women &amp; other vulnerable communities.

This is another dangerous attack on the #ACA that puts lives at risk. We're suing to stop it. https://t.co/8W9WGA94uk
The court has ruled in our favor and rejected the Trump administration's attempt to raise the cost of abortion coverage.

This is a major victory for women's reproductive freedoms and our continued efforts to stop the dismantling of protections granted under the #ACA. https://t.co/2UszqaLTKG
These websites were selling the components to build illegal assault weapons that would endanger each and every New Yorker.

These ghost guns are dangerous, undetectable, and have no place in our homes or on our streets.
https://t.co/Ajrs7YqCjY
RT @WBFO: NYS AG leads lawsuit against Trump Administration's new health care rule. https://t.co/Uifyloj2LC https://t.co/ytqkncRauq
The @EPA wants to reverse a rule that requires them to regulate mercury and other toxic air pollution from coal and oil power plants.

I'm filing a lawsuit to stop them: these pollutants not only harm our environment but pose massive health risks to children &amp; the general public.
It’s illegal to sell vaping products to minors.

It’s illegal to sell vaping products online to consumers in New York.

I ordered @podvapes, @hqdtechusa, and Cloud X Vapes to stop selling these products online, including flavored ones marketed to teens.

They must obey the law.
It is never acceptable to deny health care to Americans who need it, but it is especially egregious to do so in the middle of a pandemic.
 
Health care is a basic right and that's why I'm leading 23 states to fight to protect it.
The rule is dangerous and will put lives at risk.
 
Transgender individuals could be denied care.
 
Women could be denied care.

People with limited English proficiency could be denied language assistance needed to obtain care and understand their rights.
#BREAKING: I'm filing a lawsuit to stop the Trump administration from removing protections in the #ACA that would allow health care providers to discriminate against LGBTQ+ individuals, women, and other vulnerable communities.

I won't let this administration take us backwards.
This week I ordered 17 websites to immediately stop selling dangerous, untraceable "ghost guns" and they have shut down sales into New York.

These "ghost guns" are illegal and I won't allow them to be sold here.
https://t.co/VbyaOCClho
Congressman John Lewis reminded all of us that the most powerful nonviolent weapon we have is the power to vote.

Go to the polls, fight voter suppression at every turn, and stand up for those who can’t stand up for themselves.
Congressman John Lewis was a giant.

A leader for civil rights and a true champion for change, our nation will not be the same without his steady leadership and passion for getting into good trouble.

Rest in power.
.@BetsyDeVosED and the Trump Admin are trying to keep students from accessing billions in emergency funds for #COVID19 economic relief from the CARES Act.
 
I'm fighting to get these students the aid they deserve.
We are still in the middle of a pandemic.

We are still seeing new cases spike across our nation.

We are still seeing too many individuals acting like this isn't a serious public health risk.

Be smart. Wear a mask.
RT @MomsDemand: We applaud New York Attorney General @TishJames for taking action against dangerous, untraceable ghost guns that can be mad…
We filed a lawsuit to stop this dangerous rule and protect the 100,000 plus international students who get their education in New York.
 
Now their schools won't have to choose between public health and allowing these students to remain in our state.
https://t.co/9WVgTzwjB7
Our suspension of student, medical &amp; other debt owed to NYS that has been referred to my office for collection will be extended for an additional 30 days.

New Yorkers can apply to freeze other debt that was referred to my office for collection below:
 
https://t.co/QntgE8iTVy https://t.co/YQntOPGGmP
RT @jackschnirman: We applaud the @NewYorkStateAG for joining 23 other states in suing the U.S. Department of Education for drastically nar…
RT @Everytown: As of today, 17 online suppliers of ghost gun materials have stopped sales in New York. Thanks to @NewYorkStateAG Letitia Ja…
I'm filing a lawsuit with 22 AGs to block @BetsyDeVosED and the @usedgov from stripping crucial protections for student borrowers who've been defrauded or misled by predatory for-profit schools.

Students have a right to obtain the debt relief they need and deserve.
In the wake of #COVID19 and the recession, @BrooklynDA and I are expanding a homeowner protection initiative to include protections against illegal evictions and other issues impacting renters.

We will do everything in our power to ensure New Yorkers can stay in their homes.
The courts have ruled in our favor, and the @EPA must act to cut pollution coming into New York from upwind sources.

For too long, the @EPA has ignored its legal responsibility to hold upwind polluters accountable. This is a major win for public health and the environment. https://t.co/zQouqo7Klu
#BREAKING: A day after we filed our lawsuit, @ICEgov has backed down &amp; rescinded a rule to force international students to attend in-person classes in the middle of a pandemic.

Schools should never have to choose between enrolling international students &amp; public health, period.
RT @PatriciaFahy109: Thank you to @NewYorkStateAG for filing a lawsuit to block @ICEgov + the Trump administration’s move to forcibly expel…
RT @CUNY: CUNY is proud to join @NewYorkStateAG Letitia James’ challenge to this misguided federal rule change and has submitted an affidav…
RT @DeborahJGlick: Thanks to @TishJames our great NYS Attorney General for her lawsuit against #Trump &amp; ICE to protect our international st…
RT @uupinfo: "UUP applauds the Attorney General’s challenge to the Trump administration’s decision to strip the visas of international stud…
New York State is home to over 100,000 international students, and New York City has the most international students of any city in our nation.

I’ll defend these students and schools against this rule and fight the Trump administration’s efforts to threaten public health. https://t.co/G0XKPlxvBx
The courts blocked the Trump admin's attempt to force women to appear in-person to access abortion services during #COVID19.

We acted in this case because no woman should have to risk her health while exercising her constitutional right to an abortion.
https://t.co/5Z2YoSK1ky
RT @SUNY: #SUNY stands with @NewYorkStateAG James and her action to protect international students. Read our statement from Provost @laurse…
RT @madinatoure: .@NewYorkStateAG is suing the Trump administration over its decision to ban visas for international students taking their…
RT @jessicaramos: Workplace harassment is pervasive in the construction industry, especially against women laborers of color. Thanks @NewYo…
Schools should not have to choose between enrolling international students in in-person classes and risking public health.

Students should not be used as political pawns by the Trump administration to try to force schools to reopen their doors.
 
We’re suing.
These women were routinely violated, mistreated, silenced, and even terminated.

That stops today. 
 
Let this serve as a loud and clear message: There is zero tolerance for sexual harassment of any kind in New York.
Managers demanded sex for pay and overtime opportunities, sent sexually explicit photos and videos, and otherwise sexually and verbally assaulted these women.
 
These incidents were reported but Trade Off repeatedly covered them up and fired several women who came forward.
We’re delivering $1.5 million to individuals who experienced sexual harassment and retaliation in the construction industry. 
 
Managers &amp; employees at Trade Off engaged in years of sexual harassment, primarily against women of color, &amp; retaliated against those who reported it.
Starting now. 

Join me for this important announcement. 

https://t.co/aQsjt62F1w https://t.co/BHgjRYOHjB
Join me at 2pm today for an announcement regarding sexual harassment in the construction industry.

https://t.co/4GZwEB0u8U
@ScooterCasterNY Please report this and send this video to my office:

https://t.co/KBxAufIC4I
In the middle of a pandemic, our health has never been more important. Yet the @EPA has been doubling down on rollbacks that put us all at risk.

I'm fighting back because we cannot allow this administration to put the environment on the back burner – not now, not ever.
We will not hesitate to use every legal tool available to stop the president and stop this harmful policy. 

Stay tuned. https://t.co/9LkEsI6lJE
We must ensure accountability, oversight, and that the NYPD truly reports to the people they serve.
 
Progress should not and cannot wait.
https://t.co/6am5OHGUph
Yes, I did. 

The public must have input when it comes to redesigning public safety. 

And the police should not police themselves, period. https://t.co/pWXSlPo4wq
RT @CCRB_NYC: CCRB Chair Fred Davie's full statement on @NewYorkStateAG's preliminary report on the ongoing investigation into the NYPD's r…
We must address the breakdown in trust between the police and our communities.

But real change requires real action.

Today, I released a preliminary report with concrete steps to address many of the systemic problems that have existed for far too long.
https://t.co/de7o1MdZYt
We must begin the hard work of reevaluating the role of police in society and ensuring that there are mechanisms for public oversight, accountability &amp; input.

Progress is possible, but, first, change and accountability are needed.

Read the full report:
https://t.co/EV71Rgw5YC
This report includes:

➡️In-depth accounts of interactions between NYPD &amp; protesters

➡️Recommendations for systemic police reforms including removing unilateral power from the NYPD Commissioner

➡️Areas of specific concern that will continue to be the focus of our investigation
I am releasing a preliminary report in my office’s ongoing investigation into the NYPD's response to recent protests.
 
While our investigation continues, after 30 days of intense scrutiny, it is impossible to deny that many New Yorkers have lost faith in law enforcement.
I'm fighting to stop the Trump Admin from implementing a new rule that raises abortion costs and threatens to strip women of their health coverage in the middle of a pandemic.
 
I will never stop fighting for a woman's constitutional right to abortion.
I ordered the Black Lives Matter Foundation to stop illegally accepting donations that were intended for the #BlackLivesMatter movement.

This foundation is not affiliated with the movement, yet it accepted countless donations and deceived goodwill. https://t.co/kgn3jDL2bH
Methane is one of the greatest contributors to climate change, yet the @EPA refuses to control these dangerous emissions.
 
For the health and safety of all Americans, we're asking the courts to step in and order the @EPA to do its job and regulate these harmful emissions.
Happy Fourth of July!

Stay safe.
Be smart.
Wear a mask.
Harlem is one of the epicenters of Black culture, Black history, and Black thought in America.

Today, we honor that great legacy with a new mural and a forever message: #BlackLivesMatter https://t.co/DN31JQblqx
#COVID19 doesn't care that it's a holiday weekend.

Stay 6 feet apart, follow the guidelines, and, please:

Wear. A. Mask.
The ratification of the Equal Rights Amendment is long overdue, and the Trump administration’s attempts to block our efforts once again displays the president’s disrespect &amp; contempt for equality.

We're going to fight to ensure the ERA becomes a reality.
https://t.co/XTJcnOaTUR
I’m deeply saddened by the loss of Assemblymember David Gantt. 

He served the people of our state for nearly 40 years, but fought for his family - the people of Rochester - for his entire life. 

A true champion for equality and change, he will be dearly missed.
It's simple: In this nation, women have a constitutional right to an abortion.
 
My office defended that right before this pandemic, has defended that right during this pandemic, and will continue to defend that right after this pandemic.
After all the harassment, threats, and discrimination, these survivors are finally receiving some semblance of justice. 
 
I thank them for bravely sharing their stories.
#BREAKING: We helped secure $19 million for survivors of Harvey Weinstein’s sexual abuse and harassment.

Women who were forced to sign confidentiality agreements will also be freed from those clauses and finally be able to speak.
Wear a mask. Pass it on. https://t.co/qOCGsaVrVq
The Equal Rights Amendment will finally give women equal treatment under the law, yet the president is trying to block it from being ratified and prevent women from getting the rights we deserve.

I led 19 AGs to ensure the ERA is ratified &amp; that every American has equal rights.
@elielcruz Thank you. We held a three day public hearing and heard from more than 100 people about their experiences. 

That testimony and the reports we've received are all aiding our investigation.
@elielcruz Please report this and send this video to my office:

https://t.co/KBxAufIC4I
I fought to ensure the @CFPB remained intact because consumers need basic financial protections.

Today, #SCOTUS agreed and ruled that this independent agency is constitutional.

Now it's time for the CFPB director to actually focus on the financial well-being of Americans.
#BREAKING: The Supreme Court has ruled that Louisiana's attempt to place undue burdens on abortion clinics is unconstitutional.

I took action in this case because in this nation women have a constitutional right to an abortion.

No state can trample that right.
¡Feliz #Orgullo de Nueva York!

Puede que el desfile de este año no pudo parecer como el de años anteriores, pero eso no significa que no podamos pasar el día celebrando la alegría del amor y simplemente ser quienes somos. 🏳️‍🌈
Happy #Pride New York!
 
This year's parade may not look the same as years past, but that doesn't mean we can't spend the day celebrating the joy of love and simply being who you are. 🏳️‍🌈 https://t.co/Iax7IoQYXY
President Trump tried to use funds that are critical for our military to build a wall and advance his own political agenda.

Not on my watch.
https://t.co/xTku7Pod5H
Estamos en medio de una pandemia.

Casos de #COVID19 están subiendo en nuestro pais.

Esta semana la Administración Trump se enfoco en quitar la cobertura médica de millones de estadounidenses.

Esto es un derecho básico y seguiré luchando para protegerlo.
https://t.co/DjvJoiTjvN
We are in the middle of a pandemic.

#COVID19 cases are rising in our nation.

Yet this week the Trump Administration was focused on taking away health care for as many as 23 million Americans.

This is a basic right &amp; I’ll keep fighting to protect it.
https://t.co/DjvJoiTjvN
During #Pride 5 years ago, SCOTUS declared marriage equality the law of the land and in Obergefell v. Hodges our nation took a giant leap forward.

Today, the fight for true equality for all continues onward. #LoveisLove
Los cortes han rechazado de manera firme una vez más el intento ilegal del Presidente Trump de desviar el gasto militar crítico a un muro.

El abuso de poder del presidente no se mantendrá, así que seguiremos luchando con todas las herramientas legales a nuestra disposición.
The courts have again flatly rejected President Trump’s illegal attempt to divert critical military spending to a border wall.

The president's abuse of power will not stand, so we will keep fighting it using every legal tool at our disposal.
As our lawsuit proceeds, I'm asking the court to immediately halt a Trump Admin rule that strips students of protections under Title IX &amp; makes them more vulnerable to sexual harassment.

I will always fight to ensure survivors are believed and have the protections they deserve.
Tonight the House passed the #GeorgeFloyd #JusticeInPolicing Act, a police reform package that includes giving AGs clear authority to investigate patterns of unconstitutional policing in our nation.

I strongly urge the Senate to pass this bill without delay.
Estoy demandando para impedir que @BetsyDeVosED y el @usedgov anulen la regla del "empleo renumerado." Esta regla protege a los estudiantes de universidades con fines de lucro.

Debemos proteger a los estudiantes, no los intereses de las universidades con fines de lucro.
I'm suing to stop @BetsyDeVosED &amp; the @usedgov from repealing a rule that provides protections for students enrolled in for-profit colleges &amp; ensures they're prepared for gainful employment.
 
We must protect students' education, not further the interests of for-profit colleges.
I'm joining the #NAACPUnmuted Virtual Town Hall tonight at 8PM to talk about Attorneys General responses to #COVID19, recent protests across our nation, and more.
 
Join us for this important conversation. https://t.co/WnbgpyQvUZ
New Yorkers: if you have been in line to vote since before the polls closed at 9pm, you still have a right to vote. 

If you are being turned away by your poll site or experiencing problems, please report them to my office:

https://t.co/532eQdCJlI
@peter_f_martin Please report any complaints to our Election Protection Hotline:

https://t.co/xWwpsAwf96
My office has again caught @FreedomDebt trying to unlawfully take advantage of innocent New Yorkers with misleading claims of debt settlement savings.
 
We're returning over $3.5 million directly to New Yorkers who were victims of these exaggerated promises.
@SarahGoat @BOENYC Please report any complaints to our Election Protection Hotline:

https://t.co/xWwpsAwf96
We’re delivering up to $17 million in relief for New York homeowners after our investigation found @caliberhomeloan was engaging in deceptive and unfair mortgage loan modifications.

As #COVID19 continues to impair our economy, we're continuing to act to protect NYers' wallets.
Nueva York: Hoy es el día de las primarias, y si no lo han hecho ya, salgan y voten.

Si tienen algún problema en las urnas mientras votan, mi oficina está aquí para ayudar. Reporte cualquier queja a nuestra Línea de Protección Electoral:

1-800-771-7755

https://t.co/532eQdUkdg
RT @LizKrueger: Polls are open 6am to 9pm - go vote! Absentee ballots must be postmarked today or delivered in person to your poll site or…
RT @BrooklynDA: If you have any issues at the polls while casting your ballot, contact the @NewYorkStateAG Election Protection Hotline at 1…
@isiah4congress @BOENYC Please report any complaints to our Election Protection Hotline:
 
https://t.co/xWwpsAwf96
@IDRichards @TishJames Thank you for bringing this to our attention. Please report this to my office:

https://t.co/YJ9Qbbdi2S
New York: Today is primary day, and if you haven't already, get out and vote.

If you have any issues at the polls while casting your ballot, my office is here to help. Report any complaints to our Election Protection Hotline:

☎️ 1-800-771-7755

💻 https://t.co/532eQdCJlI
Today, we heard from NYPD Commissioner Shea about recent interactions between the public and police.
 
Here is the full video of his testimony:
https://t.co/3kskZ8mqMN
@somecityusa @NYPDnews @NYPDShea We're back and running. Thanks for your patience.
@harrysiegel @TinaMoorereport We're back. Thanks for your patience.
STARTING NOW: @NYPDnews @NYPDShea testifying for day 3 of our public hearing on recent interactions between the public and police. 

Watch live: 
https://t.co/aQsjt62F1w
RT @NYPDShea: The NYPD is committed to both transparency and collaboration with the communities we serve.

Tomorrow from 11am to 12, I’ll j…
Today at 11am, @NYPDnews Commissioner @NYPDShea will be testifying in our public hearing on recent interactions between the police and public. 

Tune in:
https://t.co/aQsjt62F1w
Tomorrow at 11am @NYPDShea and the @NYPDNews will testify in our ongoing investigation into recent interactions between the NYPD and the public.
 
The public deserves answers.

Join us tomorrow: https://t.co/4GZwEB0u8U
A very happy #FathersDay to all the fathers, grandfathers, uncles, and other father figures in New York and across our nation.

Today and every day we all say thank you for everything you do for our families and communities.
I hope the @TheJusticeDept heeds its own advice and puts public service over public spectacle. 

Ongoing investigations in the SDNY must not be interfered with, period. 

There is still much work to be done and Americans deserve leaders who are committed to justice.
I'm concerned about the sudden replacement of the United States Attorney in New York’s Southern District.

The new United States Attorney must be independent and uphold the rule of law, regardless of politics.
The purchase of a major news outlet by foreign interests is a matter that requires deliberation &amp; the @FCC must ensure there is ample opportunity for public comment.

@AGBecerra and I urge the @FCC to extend the public commenting period about foreign investment into @Univision. https://t.co/VRnPAzkVvB
RT @Ibrahim_Khan: Incredibly proud of our team @NewYorkStateAG for holding a 1st of its kind hearing where real people testified about thei…
This #Juneteenth is about recognizing how far we’ve come, but understanding all the work that is still ahead.

This day is being seen in a different light this year, and while that won't solve racism in this country, it's a small step forward.
 
We will continue this march.
On #Juneteenth we celebrate the sweetest victory we have achieved: emancipation. 
 
The end of slavery in this country and the beginning of our work for equality. 
 
But we also recognize the painful journey we’ve been on for true freedom, freedom that still eludes us.
While this hearing is limited to just these recent protests, this is one small part of a long overdue national conversation about systemic racism, policing practices &amp; about a collective, visceral drive for justice and dignity.

People are desperate to be heard. 

I'm listening.
Most importantly: Thank you to all the New Yorkers who bravely testified yesterday and today. Your stories are critical to our efforts to seek justice. 

Thank you for your courage, for your voice, and for your drive to help this city and nation live up to our highest ideals.
Thank you to our two advisors, former United States Attorney General, Loretta Lynch and @barryfriedman1, Founder &amp; Faculty Director of the @policingproject at @nyulaw for their participation.

Their commitment to fairness and equality was clear throughout these hearings.
We just finished hearing from our 100th witness over the past two days. 

Our investigation of the interactions between the police and the public during the recent protests will benefit immeasurably from the testimony we have heard.
RT @lindaperrybarr: Very appreciative of the opportunity and respect @NewYorkStateAG is offering protesters who speak about painful and bru…
@MykeCole We're on day two of our public hearing, listening to countless accounts of what New Yorkers experienced. 

We're still live, if you want to join us:

https://t.co/aQsjt62F1w
Let me be clear: @NYPDnews &amp; @NYCMayor were invited to testify in this hearing. 

In case there is any confusion, I invite them once again. I'll sit here as long as I need to &amp; accommodate @NYCMayor &amp; @NYPDShea.

Testify so we can include your perspective in this investigation.
Furthermore, the @NYCMayorsOffice was notified about the hearing multiple times, via email and phone, and reminded that the @NYCMayor and NYPD Commissioner @NYPDShea were invited to attend.
On June 15 at ~10am, the invitation was once again shared verbally with the @NYPDnews via the Commanding Officer of the Legal Bureau, who was reminded that the public expects the NYPD to participate.
On June 11 at ~10:10am, a written Public Notice about the hearing was shared with the @NYPDnews via email. 

This email was shared with the Assistant Deputy Commissioner of Legal Matters and the Director of Intergovernmental Affairs for the NYPD.
On June 10 at ~7:40pm, the Commanding Officer of the NYPD Legal Bureau, who has been liaising with our team on this investigation, was informed about the hearing and the @NYPDnews was invited to attend.
I understand the @NYPDnews is telling the press that they were not "formally" invited to this hearing. The NYPD was, in fact, invited on multiple occasions.
RT @CarlinaRivera: The @NewYorkStateAG has been listening to testimony attentively for 7+ hours and will do it all again tomorrow. Apprecia…
@ScottMPatterson @jeanniemcbride_ More testifying today too, including right now. 

Tune in:

https://t.co/aQsjt62F1w
STARTING NOW: Day 2 of our public hearing on interactions between police and the public during recent protests. 

Tune in:

https://t.co/aQsjt62F1w
#ULTIMO #SCOTUS ha decidido a favor de nuestra demanda para proteger a #DACA y ha rechazado los intentos de la Administración Trump de acabar con el programa.

América es una tierra de esperanza y oportunidad, y gracias a esta decisión, seguirá siendo un faro de luz para tantos.
#BREAKING: The #SCOTUS has ruled in favor of our lawsuit to protect #DACA and has rejected the Trump Administration's attempts to end this critical program.

America is a land of hope and opportunity, and thanks to this decision, it will remain a beacon of light for so many.
Day 2 of our public hearing begins at 11AM. We will continue to hear testimony about interactions between the public and police during recent protests. 

Join us:

https://t.co/aQsjt62F1w
@Dianne4NYC @TishJames Thank you for your bravery and for sharing your story. Our investigation will be all the more powerful because we heard directly from you and the people.
Because of the outpouring of submissions to testify, we will continue this hearing tomorrow at 11AM.

We'll see you then. 

https://t.co/aQsjt62F1w
Thank you to all the 52 witnesses, elected officials, and advocates who testified in our 8+ hour hearing today. 

Your voices and your stories are integral to our investigation and our efforts to seek justice.
RT @MarkLevineNYC: .@NewYorkStateAG is now *seven hours* in on hosting a hearing on policing during the recent #BlackLivesMatter protests.…
Our public hearing is still happening. We're currently hearing from advocacy groups, public defenders, civil rights organizations, and more. 

Join us:

https://t.co/aQsjt62F1w
RT @BPEricAdams: I'm about to testify to the @NewYorkStateAG's public hearing on the interactions between police and the public during rece…
RT @SenatorBiaggi: .@NewYorkStateAG's public hearing on the recent protests against police brutality is still going strong, reaching nearly…
RT @nycpa: The Public Advocate is testifying now at the @NewYorkStateAG hearing on police/civilian encounters at the recent NYC #BlackLives…
Now, we will hear from elected officials about their experiences and the experiences of their constituents during the recent protests. 

Tune in:

https://t.co/aQsjt62F1w
To all the members of the public and those directly impacted by recent interactions with the police who testified today, thank you. 

Thank you for your courage and your commitment to justice.
We are back live. Join us:

https://t.co/aQsjt62F1w
We will resume the hearing at 1:30pm. You may need to refresh your page. Thank you for your patience. 

https://t.co/aQsjt62F1w
We are having some technical difficulties with our public hearing right now. Please bear with us.
@ericd To clarify: that number is to hear the hearing in Spanish. If you would like to watch live:

https://t.co/aQsjt5L3CW
RT @J__Velasquez: So many people have signed up to @NewYorkStateAG’s hearing on police interactions and tactics during recent protests that…
RT @BPEricAdams: Tune into the @NewYorkStateAG's public hearing on interactions between the police and the public. I'll be testifying aroun…
Please report interactions with police during recent protests, including videos and pictures, to my office:

https://t.co/p8xGsum12Z
RT @NydiaVelazquez: I'm testifying today before @NewYorkStateAG on police violence and interactions between the public and police at recent…
This is an opportunity for members of the public and those involved in confrontations to speak directly with our office and better inform our investigation.

Now, we will start to hear from witnesses.
We will hear from dozens of impacted individuals, elected officials, and advocacy groups. 

Due to an outpouring of testimony submissions, we will be hosting a second day of our public hearing -- tomorrow at 11AM.
Today’s hearing is intended to shed light on how police in our nation’s largest city have handled protests where what is being protested is police violence itself.
 
It is to hear from those on the ground and those who have made the study of the system their life’s work.
They took to the streets for both those whose names we say, and those whose names never made it onto the front page.
Protesters took to the streets with a righteous spirit for justice &amp; change, not just for George Floyd, but Amadou Diallo, Sean Bell &amp; Eric Garner here in New York. 

For Ahmaud Arbery on a back road in Georgia. 

For Breonna Taylor, asleep in her own bed in Louisville, Kentucky.
We also must be clear what these protests are about: another life lost in a long line of unarmed Black people killed at the hands of law enforcement. 

And a system that has allowed this to happen time and time again without making fundamental changes.
My office is conducting an independent investigation into the NYPD’s actions throughout these protests and the policies and systemic realities that inform these actions.  
 
Political protest is a fundamental civil right. One that must be protected against unlawful infringement.
STARTING NOW: Our public hearing on interactions between the public and police during recent protests. 

Join us:

https://t.co/aQsjt62F1w
We are hosting a virtual town hall on interactions between the public and police during recent protests today at 11AM. 

In our quest to seek answers and justice, nothing is more powerful than hearing directly from the people.

https://t.co/aQsjt62F1w
My office is hosting a virtual public hearing on interactions between police and the public during recent protests tomorrow at 11AM.
 
Our hearing will include live testimony from those impacted, the public, and elected officials.
 
Join us:
 
https://t.co/4GZwEB0u8U
We have extended our suspension of student, medical &amp; other debt owed to NYS that has been referred to my office for collection for an additional 30 days.
 
New Yorkers can apply to freeze other debt that was referred to my office for collection below:
 
https://t.co/QntgE8iTVy https://t.co/dBn4eGAp28
RT @1010WINS: .@NewYorkStateAG asks Apple, Google to protect third-party contact tracing app users https://t.co/2irjXZDqsk https://t.co/9A0…
We're hosting a virtual public hearing on interactions between police and the public during recent protests on Wednesday, 6/17 at 11AM.
 
New Yorkers still have time to submit testimony relevant to our investigation:

https://t.co/auEG7vMN3N
Hace 8 años, @BarackObama anunció la politica de #DACA que permitió que cientos de miles de jóvenes permanecieran en los Estados Unidos.

Hoy, esperamos la decisión de #SCOTUS en nuestra lucha por #DefendDACA y proteger a estos individuos que hacen nuestro pais un lugar genial. https://t.co/qZoW5AQYG0
8 years ago, @BarackObama announced the #DACA policy, which allowed hundreds of thousands of young people to remain in the United States.

Today, we await the #SCOTUS decision in our fight to #DefendDACA and protect these individuals who make America great. https://t.co/pbEWJktpou
In a landmark victory for equality in our nation during #Pride, the Supreme Court has ruled #LGBTQ+ employees cannot be discriminated against simply for being who they are.
 
My office was proud to support this case and we will continue to fight for the #LGBTQ+ community.
RT @CarlinaRivera: Our @NewYorkStateAG Tish James will be holding a public hearing to investigate interaction between police officers and t…
NY: Mi oficina quiere saber de ustedes.

Organizamos una audiencia pública virtual sobre las interacciones entre la policía y el público durante las recientes protestas: 17 de junio a las 11AM.

Pueden presentar un testimonio antes del lunes 15 de junio.
https://t.co/auEG7vMN3N
New York: My office wants to hear directly from you.

We’re hosting a virtual public hearing on interactions between police and the public during recent protests on Wednesday, 6/17 at 11AM.

Submit testimony relevant to our investigation by Monday, 6/15:
https://t.co/auEG7vMN3N
Puede que el Desfile Puertorriqueño no se celebre oficialmente hoy en NYC, pero eso no significa que no podamos celebrar y honrar las innumerables contribuciones que los neoyorquinos puertorriqueños aportan a nuestra ciudad, estado y nación.

Que viva Puerto Rico!
The Puerto Rican Day parade may not officially be taking place today in New York City, but that doesn’t mean we all can’t celebrate and honor the countless contributions Puerto Rican New Yorkers bring to our city, state &amp; nation.

Que Viva Puerto Rico! https://t.co/G1aKlPP23o
Proud to help Brooklyn say it loud: #BlackLivesMatter. https://t.co/X2FNml9djL
As part of our investigation, we’re hosting a virtual public hearing on interactions between police and the public during recent protests on Wednesday, 6/17 at 11AM.

The public may submit testimony relevant to our investigation by Monday, 6/15:
https://t.co/auEG7vMN3N
@thesarahrose @MarisaKabas Please report this and send visuals to my office:
 
https://t.co/HyBuaIsyDT
This rollback is dangerous: it will allow the #LGBTQ+ community, specifically transgender individuals, to be discriminated against and gravely risks their health and well-being.
 
We will see the Trump Administration in court.
https://t.co/IHx6qyfLjU
@jasminemoy @YooooNikki We’re aware of this situation. Thank you.
My office will hold a virtual public hearing on interactions between police &amp; the public during recent protests on Wednesday, 6/17 at 11AM.

This will include oral &amp; written testimony &amp; the public may submit testimony relevant to our investigation by 6/15:
https://t.co/auEG7vMN3N
ULTIMA: Ganamos nuestra demanda contra la Administración Trump para acabar con su política ilegal de hacer arrestos de ICE en las cortes de NY. Es una victoria en nuestra lucha para proteger a inmigrantes y asegurar que se haga justicia. Gracias a @BrooklynDA por su colaboración.
#BREAKING: We won our lawsuit against the Trump Administration to end its illegal policy of making ICE arrests at New York courthouses.

This is a victory in our fight to protect immigrant communities and ensure justice is served. Thanks to @BrooklynDA for his partnership.
Former US Attorney General Loretta Lynch and Barry Friedman, the founding director of the NYU Policing Project, will serve as special advisors to my investigation of the NYPD. 
 
Our investigation will be all the more powerful because of their support.
I'm filing a lawsuit with 51 AGs against executives &amp; manufacturers of generic drugs for allegedly engaging in years of price-fixing &amp; market manipulation of over 80 generic drugs.
 
These companies put profits over public health &amp; it's time for them to be held accountable.
We’ve delivered major relief to thousands of small businesses in New York &amp; across the country that were scammed by Northern Leasing.

More than 30,000 fraudulent leases will be canceled, Northern Leasing will end operations, and small business owners will receive compensation.
For many Americans, particularly those in low-income communities of color, the enforcement of our nation’s pollution laws is literally a matter of life and death.

I'm urging the court to halt this harmful and baseless policy while our lawsuit proceeds. https://t.co/hoXyaQriMd
New Yorkers: my office is working around the clock to continue a swift, thorough, and fair investigation.

Please continue to share any information, including visuals, with my office:
https://t.co/KBxAufIC4I
Across this nation, people are standing up for the fundamental rights and humanity of black people, and I will continue to protect their basic right to do so.
 
I won’t let their calls for justice be silenced. https://t.co/nvlgCKuzyX
@PhotoJazzy Please report this and send these details to my office:

Complaints@ag.ny.gov
As New Yorkers continue to exercise their right to peaceful protest, we will continue to protect that right.

In addition to emailing, the public can now use our web portal to report information, including visuals, to our ongoing investigation:
 
https://t.co/KBxAufIC4I
RT @bradhoylman: New York State was gouged up to 15x the normal price on essential medical equipment like ventilators at the height of the…
Today, New York has a new price gouging law that will enable my office to better protect consumers, small businesses, health care providers &amp; the state from predatory actors during the #COVID19 crisis &amp; beyond.

Thanks to @NYGovCuomo, @bradhoylman &amp; @nily for their partnership.
Another attack on #LGBTQ+ rights from the Trump Administration, and this time during #pride.

We cannot risk the potential for children to become part of a loving family over a taxpayer-funded agency’s religious beliefs.
https://t.co/xo88PMBIvW
@tr3s_leches @AndomForNY @NYCMayor @NYGovCuomo @NYCSpeakerCoJo Can you please report this and send visuals to my office? Complaints@ag.ny.gov
@sydneyp1234 Can you please report this and send visuals to my office? Complaints@ag.ny.gov
@ZachReports Can you please report this to my office? Complaints@ag.ny.gov
@emdubin @AODNewz @NYCMayor @NYCMayorsOffice @NYPDShea Please report this to my office: complaints@ag.ny.gov
@thesarahrose @DigitalBummer @jessicaramos Please report this to my office: complaints@ag.ny.gov
@PeaceLoveStones @shainataub Please report this and send these videos and details to my office:

Complaints@ag.ny.gov
#WearOrange for Hadiya Pendleton.

#WearOrange for the black Americans who are 10X more likely to die by gun homicide than white Americans.

#WearOrange because more than 100 lives are lost to gun violence every single day in this nation.

#GunViolenceAwarenessDay
Today is Breonna Taylor's birthday.

She should have been 27 years old, but this birthday and every future birthday was unjustly taken from her. 

Today, I honor Breonna and I'm holding her family close to my heart. Her life mattered. #SayHerName
@RosalindZAdams Please report this and send visuals to my office: Complaints@ag.ny.gov
@carolineha_ Please report this and send visuals to my office: Complaints@ag.ny.gov
@SarahMaslinNir Thank you.
@SarahMaslinNir Please report this and send the video to my office: Complaints@ag.ny.gov
@bethshax @PeterNHess Please report this and any visuals to my office: Complaints@ag.ny.gov
@EcoSexuality @waltshaub @Phil_Lewis_ We are aware of some, but please encourage people to continue reporting them to us: Complaints@ag.ny.gov
@gregstevens Thank you. Please report it, but please also know that we are aware of this video.
@RebeccaKKatz Please report this and send these videos to my office:

Complaints@ag.ny.gov
@thebatman_2020 @CamrusJ We are aware of this video. Thank you.
@funder @WBFO @MikeDesmondWBFO We are aware of this video. Thank you.
@waltshaub @Phil_Lewis_ Yes, we are aware of this video. Thank you.
@thesarahrose @DavidBegnaud @WBFO @BPDAlerts We are aware of this video. Thank you.
@PattyArquette @NYGovCuomo @TishJames We are aware of this video. Thank you.
@mewishnia @AshAgony Please report this and send this video to my office:

Complaints@ag.ny.gov
@jmrbux2 @jangelooff Please report this and send these videos and details to my office: 

Complaints@ag.ny.gov
As George Floyd's family mourns his death, I hope they take some comfort in knowing that an entire nation grieves with them.

I also hope that this will be the spark that ignites the fires of change that have always simmered but never fully flamed throughout our nation’s history. https://t.co/gb8lpHKufV
@AlnAndr @JulianCastro @NYPDnews Thank you. We’re aware of this video.
When we talk about #pride, we must acknowledge the disparities members of the #LGBTQ+ community still face, particularly people of color &amp; the trans community.
 
Ending discrimination and violence towards these communities must be a part of our collective solution.
#Pride is about the courage it takes for people to be themselves &amp; the reflection of the struggles of those who came before us.
 
Marsha P. Johnson, Stormé DeLarverie &amp; Sylvia Rivera, leaders of color, spearheaded this movement for equality. 
 
It's our duty to carry it on. https://t.co/IipCHOws9L
@AliWatkins Please report this and send these details to my office:

Complaints@ag.ny.gov
@thesarahrose @nycDSA @NYPDnews Thank you. We’re aware of this video.
@AlexButlertv @NYGovCuomo Thank you. We’re aware of this video.
@AuthorKimberley @AliVelshi @ProdigyNelson Please report this to my office: complaints@ag.ny.gov
@Jeffskowron @greg_doucette Please report this to my office: complaints@ag.ny.gov
@thesarahrose @SikhProf @alexanderchee @NYCMayor Please report this and include any visuals to my office: complaints@ag.ny.gov
@DGisSERIOUS Please report this and send any details to my office: Complaints@ag.ny.gov
@j_breveboy @greg_doucette @TishJames Please report this and send this video to my office: Complaints@ag.ny.gov
@elielcruz @mynameisjro Thank you, we're aware of this.
@olgaNYC1211 @NYPDShea @AP Can you please report this to my office? Complaints@ag.ny.gov
@Meowwch @NYGovCuomo Thank you. We're aware of this.
@efreemanart Thank you. We're aware of this.
@tmirza @jangelooff Please report this and send visuals to my office: complaints@ag.ny.gov
@thesarahrose @mynameisjro @bradhoylman Please report this to my office: complaints@ag.ny.gov
People across our nation have come together to peacefully protest the need for change.

Peaceful protest is a basic civli right that I will always protect. https://t.co/p7ZTDSxed6
La protesta pacífica es un derecho civil básico, y yo protegeré ese derecho.

Mientras continuamos nuestra investigación, urjo a los neoyorquinos a que compartan cualquier información, incluso visuales, con mi oficina:

✉️ Complaints@ag.ny.gov
Peaceful protest is a basic civil right, and I will protect that right.
 
As we continue our investigation, I urge New Yorkers to share any information, including visuals, with my office:
 
✉️ Complaints@ag.ny.gov
@justinhendrix @GwynneFitz @TishJames We’re aware of this, thank you.
@hdiprinzio @sa0un @BrooklynDA @TishJames Please report this and send these videos and details to my office: 

Complaints@ag.ny.gov
@vrunt @jpegjoshua Yes, we’re aware of it. Thank you.
@thesarahrose @sarahemilybaum @NYPDPoliceRadio Please report this and send any clips to my office: Complaints@ag.ny.gov
President Trump is not a dictator &amp; he doesn’t have the right to unilaterally deploy U.S. military across American states.

We will guard the right to peaceful protest &amp; will not hesitate to go to court to protect our constitutional rights during this time &amp; well into the future.
Quiero que los neoyorquinos sepan que tomo muy en serio mi papel de investigar los eventos del fin de semana pasado.

Les prometo una investigación rápida con todos los hechos. Por favor, compartan cualquier información, incluyendo visuales, con mi oficina:

Complaints@ag.ny.gov
I want New Yorkers to know that I take my role to investigate the events of this weekend very seriously.
 
I promise you a swift investigation with all of the facts.
 
Please share any information, including visuals, with my office:
 
Complaints@ag.ny.gov
@thesarahrose @GreensladeR Please report this to my office: 

Complaints@ag.ny.gov
@AaronBonilla18 @JessSeinfeld Thank you.
@AmandaKPanda00 @MorningEdition You can submit reports to: Complaints@ag.ny.gov
@jangelooff @petersterne Please send this video to us: complaints@ag.ny.gov
@jangelooff Can you please send these videos and details to my office? Complaints@ag.ny.gov
@AaronBonilla18 @JessSeinfeld We’re asking anyone and everyone to report these issues and send videos and pictures to us. If you have any information, please report it to us: complaints@ag.ny.gov
@JessSeinfeld Thank you.
@tylergabriel_ Please report this to my office: Complaints@ag.ny.gov
@Bryson_M @tweetsyall @adrs Please send these photos and report this to my office: Complaints@ag.ny.gov
@DonnaHylton @NYCMayor @NYGovCuomo @MSNBC @JasonASalmon Please report this and send this video to my office: Complaints@ag.ny.gov
Thank you @GovTimWalz for taking this important step towards justice by appointing @AGEllison as a special prosecutor to investigate the death of #GeorgeFloyd https://t.co/r2MPMKkrr4
@GwynneFitz Please report this and send this video to my office: Complaints@ag.ny.gov
I understand and feel the pain and frustration of New York and our entire nation. 

We must work together to fix what’s broken, we must work together to move forward. 

My message to New Yorkers: https://t.co/r5RuVjeio9
@JessSeinfeld @DebraMessing @NYCMayor That’s our job. We don’t take it lightly.
@JessSeinfeld @DebraMessing @NYCMayor Thank you. We’re aware of this video.
All that we want is for the pain to be recognized. 

https://t.co/gILGu6kBKQ
@ReedDunlea @TishJames @AOC @JumaaneWilliams @NYCSpeakerCoJo Please report this and send the video to my office: Complaints@ag.ny.gov
New York: I remain committed to ensuring your basic civil right to peaceful protest is protected.

Please share any information, including visuals, with my office so we can take it into account as we proceed with this investigation. 

Email: Complaints@ag.ny.gov
@keithboykin Please report this to my office: 

Complaints@ag.ny.gov
@kikimurphy_ Please report this and send the video to my office: Complaints@ag.ny.gov
@bethshax Thank you. We’re aware of this video.
@HuffPost @letsgomathias @NYPDnews @NYCMayor Thank you for bringing this to our attention. We’re looking into it.
@smp0312 Please report this and send this video to my office: Complaints@ag.ny.gov
@AJRupchandani @NYCSpeakerCoJo @BPEricAdams @FarahNLouis @JumaaneWilliams @NYPDShea @EOsyd Please report this and send the video to my office: Complaints@ag.ny.gov
@zzelladonatella Can you please report this and send the video to my office: Complaints@ag.ny.gov
@LilDoogeyVert @NYCMayor @NYGovCuomo Please report this and send this video to my office: Complaints@ag.ny.gov
@newyorkperi @sethmpk Please report this and send this video to my office: Complaints@ag.ny.gov
@ReedDunlea Please email complaints@ag.ny.gov
@juliereiber @harrisdoran @NYCMayor @NYCMayorsOffice @TishJames @NYCSpeakerCoJo @SenGianaris @NYPDShea @NYPDChiefofDept @NYGovCuomo Please report this to my office:

Complaints@ag.ny.gov
@ReedDunlea @clauirizarry @JumaaneWilliams @TishJames @NYCSpeakerCoJo @NYCMayor Please report this to my office:

Complaints@ag.ny.gov
We are asking anyone with information about last night, including visual evidence, to please share it with our office so we can take it into account as we proceed with this investigation. 

Please email: Complaints@ag.ny.gov
Peaceful protest is a basic civil right, one that must be protected. 

We take this role to investigate last night's actions in NYC very seriously.

We will act independently to seek answers, ensure that the truth is laid bare, and that there is accountability for any wrongdoing.
Tonight was a dark night for our city and so many other cities throughout this country. 

There are too many disturbing images to count, images that show generations of pain, anger, and discrimination. 

We must fix what’s been broken. 
We will move forward.
Our eyes didn't lie: the world saw what happened to George Floyd &amp; justice must be served for this horribly unjust act.
 
I'm urging @GovTimWalz to appoint @AGEllison as a special prosecutor to ensure a truly independent investigation for Mr. Floyd’s family and our entire nation.
@lunarcamelco @OscarHealth Please report this to my office: https://t.co/VrAJAmPdf4
Yesterday I sued Quality King Distributor for alleged price gouging of Lysol products after my office received numerous consumer complaints.
 
Please keep reporting these bad actors – your help is what enables me to take action:
https://t.co/5Te8XoyKNY
Larry Kramer was a New York hero. His activism and heart saved countless lives, and we all owe him our gratitude.

My deepest condolences to his family and loved ones, and may he rest in power.
https://t.co/Txd8e0JoG1
I applaud the Legislature for passing @bradhoylman &amp; @nily's bill that will expand my office’s ability to go after price gouging in NY.

This will allow us to better protect consumers, small businesses, health care providers &amp; even New York State during this crisis &amp; beyond.
The Trump Admin's SAFE rule is a reckless rollback of national clean car standards that will cause irreparable damage to our environment, the economy &amp; public health at a time when the nation can least afford it.
 
We must protect our progress against climate change: I'm suing.
We are seeking restitution for all New York consumers forced to pay these excessive prices due to Quality King's alleged price gouging.

Instead of protecting New Yorkers from this virus, Quality King chose to prey on consumers to line its own pockets.

Not on my watch.
I'm suing Quality King Distributor for gouging prices of over 46,000 cans of Lysol Disinfectant Spray that New Yorkers desperately needed during this crisis.

Quality King charged retailers over double the pre-COVID cost, forcing consumers to pay up to $16.99 for just one can.
Last week, President Trump said that he can “override” states to allow houses of worship to “open right now.”

While we're eager to return to our places of worship and some sense of normalcy, rushing to do so is a mistake and the president cannot force New York to do so. https://t.co/lyd3Dh8aRy
The last thing hardworking New Yorkers need is to be deceived with false promises of debt relief.

We secured financial relief for these borrowers &amp; we’ll continue to do everything in our power to protect New Yorkers’ wallets during this crisis &amp; beyond.
https://t.co/HdBh21y3d9
“I can’t breathe.”

George Floyd begged for his life just as Eric Garner did in New York six years ago, yet he still met the same tragic fate.

When will enough be enough?
https://t.co/vnvtgs9lwJ
Estoy apoyando una demanda para dar alto a los arrestos de inmigración sin una orden judicial en y alrededor de las cortes de Massachusetts. Estos esfuerzos continuados de ICE ponen en peligro a todos. Continuaré defendiendo esta demanda y persiguiendo nuestras demandas en NY.
I'm supporting a lawsuit to halt immigration arrests without a warrant or court order in &amp; around courthouses in Massachusetts.

ICE's continued efforts to arrest immigrants at or near courthouses endangers us all &amp; I will continue to defend this lawsuit &amp; pursue our own in NY.
Let’s be clear: this is inexcusable behavior.

I am disgusted by these sad, racially-motivated actions.

New York is better than this and these actions won't be tolerated here.
https://t.co/yxnOgDwnyD
This #MemorialDay, we honor those who have lost their lives selflessly serving our nation.
 
Especially in these trying times, it’s paramount we don't forget the sacrifices these heroes made.
Clean water is a critically valuable resource that we must protect at all costs. Our entire planet depends on it to survive.
 
That's why I filed a motion this week to immediately block the @EPA's Dirty Water rule while we continue our lawsuit against it.
A very happy #Eid to our Muslim community in New York and beyond.
 
Although this Eid will be a bit different, I hope you will still enjoy a joyous time with loved ones and find comfort in the lessons that Ramadan left behind.
 
#EidMubarak https://t.co/aqbLNYLSzk
To our workers on the frontlines: thank you for staying strong.
 
In the midst of these challenging &amp; unpredictable times, you are working tirelessly to save lives and keep everything running. As you support our state, I know I speak for all NYers when I say we are grateful.
EMS workers put their lives on the line every single day to protect us, especially during this crisis.
 
This #EMSWeek, we thank them for their service and we mourn those heroes we've lost to #COVID19.
 
In their honor, we must finally give them the fair treatment they deserve.
We've permanently banned 3 student loan debt relief companies who were cheating thousands from engaging in any debt relief business of any kind, anywhere in the nation.
 
I'll do everything in my power to protect the wallets of New Yorkers, especially in these trying times.
Errick Allen was arraigned this afternoon and denied bail.

Allen was off-duty when he allegedly shot Christopher Curro five times, including twice in the head, at close range with his NYPD service weapon. Christopher Curro died as a result of his injuries. https://t.co/cCXJnZVo8N
今晚6点，我的办公室，其他民选官员和社区领袖将会举办一个全州的电话会议来讨论华人社区在新冠疫情 (#COVID19) 当下面临的问题。
 
请加入我们: https://t.co/wnoMIYuurh
Tonight at 6PM: We're hosting a statewide tele-town hall with elected officials and community leaders to address issues facing the Chinese American community during the #COVID19 pandemic.
 
Join us: https://t.co/TYNKdyuopD
This morning, we arrested NYPD Officer Errick Allen for the alleged murder of Christopher Curro last week on Long Island. 

No one is above the law, and my office is committed to ensuring justice is served.
Whether it's price gouging of essential goods, marketing fake treatments or cures for #COVID19, or fraudulent websites, my office is working to hold bad actors accountable.
 
But we need your help. Submit complaints to my office:
https://t.co/5Te8Xoh9Wq
明天晚上6点，我的办公室，其他民选官员和社区领袖将会举办一个全州的电话会议来讨论华人社区在新冠疫情 (#COVID19) 当下面临的问题。
 
请加入我们: https://t.co/XnMoKWSRq0
Tomorrow at 6PM my office is hosting a statewide tele-town hall with elected officials and community leaders to address issues facing the Chinese American community during the #COVID19 pandemic.
 
Join us: https://t.co/7FthqZfTmr
It’s easy to feel overwhelmed in this time of crisis and uncertainty. During this #MentalHealthAwarenessMonth, I want to remind everyone that it’s okay to not be okay.

If you find that you may need help, there are resources available for you. New Yorkers can call 1-844-863-9314.
The @EPA's Dirty Water rule could cause irreparable damage to public health, safety, and our environment.
 
I'm filing a motion to immediately block this rule in order to prevent continued harm while our lawsuit proceeds. https://t.co/ubdIdnCav6
We reached a nationwide $550M settlement with @SantanderBankUS for knowingly placing consumers into auto loans the bank knew they could never afford to pay.
 
This settlement will deliver over $27M of financial relief to New Yorkers at a time when they need it most.
Americans need access to affordable health care, and this is especially clear in the middle of a global pandemic.
 
That's why I will always defend the #ACA from the Trump Administration’s relentless attempts to invalidate it and strip away health care from millions.
Price gouging of essential goods won't be tolerated in New York. As we continue to navigate this crisis, we will continue to take on businesses that engage in price gouging &amp; stop them in their tracks.
 
Report any instances of price gouging to my office:
https://t.co/YJ9Qbbdi2S
A big congratulations to Rachel for her incredible accomplishment, and to Jay who has all the reasons to be the proudest father on the planet!

Even these challenging times cannot take away the feelings a proud parent has watching their child succeed. https://t.co/6nJvX9r64c
My office has extended our suspension of student, medical &amp; other debt owed to NYS that has been referred to my office for collection for an additional 30 days.

New Yorkers can also apply below to freeze other debt referred to my office for collection:
https://t.co/QntgE8iTVy
The #2020Census is critical to determine how much federal funding and government representation New York gets.
 
We all must do our part to get counted, it takes 10 minutes or less to complete the census online:

https://t.co/jXkjNwsVi4
This week I filed a lawsuit against the @EPA’s attempt to give industries the green light to ignore critical environmental and public health laws during a public health crisis.

We must defend the health and safety of Americans and our entire planet.
https://t.co/0GKwEZ6rcK
If you can't watch live sports, then why should you pay for it?
 
Consumers should not have to pay for services they are not receiving, especially at a time when they need immediate financial relief.
https://t.co/WiMjczh5LZ
New Yorkers may also apply to freeze non-medical or non-student debt to New York State that has been referred to my office for collection below:
https://t.co/QntgE8iTVy
My office &amp; @NYGovCuomo are again renewing the suspension of student, medical &amp; other debt owed to New York State that has been referred to my office for collection for another 30 days.
 
We will do everything we can to help protect the wallets of New Yorkers during this crisis. https://t.co/WS6YBiuQc6
My office has responded to thousands of consumer complaints since the beginning of the #COVID19 pandemic.

Please keep reaching out and reporting concerns so that we can continue to help.
https://t.co/5Te8Xoh9Wq
While our case against Purdue Pharma continues, a judge has ruled our examination of the Sackler family's finances may proceed.
 
We'll immediately issue new subpoenas to the Sackler’s banks to determine where the family has stored their money and how much has been stashed away.
I'm suing the @EPA over its new policy that limits the enforcement of federal environmental and public health laws.

This pandemic is not an excuse to neglect the fundamental duty to protect Americans and allow companies to ignore critical laws to protect our planet.
I'm requesting data from the NYPD to address reports of unequal enforcement of social distancing rules among different communities in NYC.

I am deeply troubled by reports of unequal &amp; overly aggressive enforcement in communities of color.

My office is looking into the matter.
RT @RepBrindisi: Scammers are taking advantage of the coronavirus crisis, so we’re hosting a virtual workshop on Thursday, 5/14 at 5:30pm w…
The stimulus payments are meant to help provide immediate financial relief &amp; as New Yorkers continue to receive them, I’ll continue to ensure they aren’t seized by debt collectors.
 
I’ll take swift legal action against anyone who tries to take advantage of New Yorkers’ wallets.
@digitalhen @RichSpence10 @NYCMayorsOffice Thank you for bringing this to our attention. We are looking into it.
🗣 #COVID19 is not an excuse to deny women their constitutional right to an abortion. Pass it on.
RT @CanadaNY: A great example of 🇨🇦 and 🇺🇸 working together to protect Canadians and Americans from fraud. 

Thank you @NewYorkStateAG for…
There is no tolerance for housing discrimination on Long Island or anywhere in New York.

I’m proud to fund fair housing initiatives that help to ensure all of our communities are protected and treated with the respect they deserve. 
https://t.co/9ns5mYQ0eO
@themackattack @TishJames @BBBUpstateNY Thank you for bringing this to our attention. Please submit a complaint to my office below:
 
https://t.co/YD2AX5UwfP
@nickmfromonline @nyc311 Thank you for bringing this to our attention. Can you please send us the name and address of the store? Feel free to DM if you prefer.
RT @BrianKavanaghNY: I am pleased to join @JamesSkoufis and @KevinThomasNY in commending @NewYorkStateAG for announcing a $4.5 million gran…
Remember: it is illegal for stores to overcharge you for essential goods during this crisis.

If you become aware of price gouging, please report it to my office so that we can hold them accountable:
https://t.co/YJ9Qbbdi2S
A very #HappyMothersDay to all the mothers, grandmothers, aunts, and other mother figures. 

You give so much to our families and communities and we are so grateful for you today and every day.
This week we announced a $4.5M grant to fund fair housing initiatives in communities across our state.
 
This is about ensuring New Yorkers have access to the safe, affordable housing they deserve without being discriminated against.
https://t.co/uCUXU1VTS6
New York: remember you still have time to complete the #2020Census and do your part to ensure our state gets its fair share of funding and government representation.
 
It takes 10 minutes or less to complete the form online:
 
https://t.co/jXkjNwsVi4
A judge has ruled that my office can intervene in a lawsuit against Chester and Orange County, NY over discriminatory housing practices targeting the Jewish community. 

This is a win in our fight to end housing discrimination and ensure all our communities are treated fairly.
RT @HabitatNYC: More wheels = more meals! We've deployed a second ReStore truck to our partnership with @hungrymonknyc, which means we can…
Let me be clear: it is illegal for landlords to evict tenants during this crisis.
 
If you or someone you know is being unlawfully subjected to eviction, my office wants to know:
https://t.co/jrEGk205AH
Únete esta noche a las 6pm para una reunión virtual sobre las protecciones que existen para los consumidores durante la pandemia, #COVID19. Nos reuniremos con oficiales elegidos para hablar sobre los recursos que son disponibles para lidiar con estafas, escaladas de precios y más https://t.co/WQE3icQDZT
Join me tonight at 6pm for a virtual town hall about consumer frauds and protections during the #COVID19 pandemic.

I will be joined by other NYC elected officials to talk about tips and resources available to New Yorkers to combat #COVID19 scams, price gouging, and more. https://t.co/Ca0ZmJgwz9
I've reached an agreement with Zoom to provide new protections &amp; security measures for its millions of users.

Data privacy is paramount, and these protections will give users control over their privacy &amp; security, including increased measures to protect our students &amp; schools.
Cientos de miles de recipientes de #DACA son trabajadores esenciales, luchando en las fronteras de esta crisis para protegernos. Ellos contribuyen bastante a nuestras comunidades y por eso mi oficina está luchando para proteger a los recipientes de DACA que están #AquiParaQuedar https://t.co/SBvUqUblb5
Hundreds of thousands of #DACA recipients are essential workers fighting on the frontlines of this crisis to protect us.

They make vital contributions to all of our communities &amp; that’s why my office is fighting to protect these #DACA recipients &amp; ensure they're #HereToStay. https://t.co/ibk8pD3Edz
We've stopped bad actors from trying to sell air purifiers, vitamin C, and yes, even bleach, as treatments or cures for #COVID19.
 
If you come across a sham product to treat or cure #COVID19, report it to my office:
https://t.co/5Te8Xoh9Wq
Mañana a las 6pm mi oficina presentara una reunión comunitaria virtual para hablar sobre los recursos estatales disponibles para lidiar con las estafas, las escaladas de precios y más relacionado con #COVID19
 
Unete: https://t.co/RoBARRAFQH
Tomorrow at 6PM my office will be hosting a virtual town hall to talk about resources and tips available to New Yorkers when it comes to scams, price gouging, and more related to #COVID19.

Join us: https://t.co/N6fkMF8PBL
The Paycheck Protection Program was created to help small businesses affected by #COVID19, not further benefit giant corporations.
 
I'm calling on Congress to take action and ensure these funds are being distributed fairly to the small businesses they were meant for.
The Trump Admin and the State of Texas are trying to repeal the #ACA and put the health care of tens of millions at risk.
 
I'm taking action with a coalition of states to defend the #ACA in the Supreme Court and ensure Americans have access to quality, affordable health care.
This program, run by @Enterprise_NYC, works to root out discriminatory housing practices and improve the quality of affordable housing throughout New York.

I will continue to fight to ensure all New Yorkers have access to the fair housing they deserve.
Access to safe, affordable &amp; fair housing is a basic right that should be available to all &amp; I’m proud to announce $4.5M to fund fair housing programs in New York.
 
Especially in these difficult times, New Yorkers should never have to worry about housing discrimination.
On #NationalNursesDay and every day, we say thank you to the nurses who are always on the frontlines risking their own health and safety to protect others.
 
Our nurses act without question or hesitation.
 
They are heroes and sheroes. https://t.co/iZHpda5hP4
We’re mourning the loss of an Amazon worker who died from #COVID19. 

He worked at a facility on Staten Island that’s been the subject of repeated complaints from employees over the lack of safety measures taken during this crisis. 

Amazon, worker safety must be your priority.
This Building Service Workers Appreciation Day and every day, I'm grateful for the hardworking essential workers who are keeping our buildings clean and running.
 
These workers are out on the frontlines of this crisis working hard to do their part to keep us all safe.
During this crisis, educators across NY &amp; this nation have done what they do best: adapted to the challenges presented to them &amp; kept on teaching.
 
I know I speak for all NYers when I say I appreciate you, and I'm grateful for your hard work. Thank you. #TeacherAppreciationDay
New York: donating to charities and organizations in need is crucial during this crisis, and if you're able to, I hope you'll take part in #GivingTuesdayNow.
 
Use these tips from my office to help ensure your money is going where you want it to. https://t.co/yl8zYXQDXe
I'm taking action with 23 AGs to urge the US Senate to reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act.

Millions of women across this nation may be stuck in isolation with abusive partners during this crisis and the Senate must act to protect these women.
It's not a question – reproductive health care is an essential medical service.

That's why I'm fighting to ensure that women have access to abortions – in the hospital and in the home. I am not going to back down and let this pandemic be an excuse to strip women of their rights.
During this crisis, it’s more important than ever that all New York households fill out the #2020Census. An accurate census count ensures that we get our fair share of funding and the representation we deserve in New York.

It’s quick, easy, and urgent:

https://t.co/cYEm63mPI6
This is simple: if you don’t get to watch live games, then why are you paying to?

This week I called on seven major cable &amp; satellite television providers in New York to step up and cut these fees to provide consumers with needed financial relief. 
https://t.co/mRhsRmH3kz
This crisis isn't easy, and the stress it can have on our mental health cannot be overstated.
 
For anyone who needs support, call the New York State Emotional Support Hotline at 1-844-863-9314. #MentalHealthAwarenessMonth
May is Asian American Pacific Islander Heritage Month and this May, let's honor &amp; celebrate the culture and legacy of the #AAPI community.
 
The vast &amp; unique contributions from our #AAPI community plays a major role in making New York the great state that it is.
The @EPA's Dirty Water rule ignores science, the law, and puts our communities &amp; wildlife at risk. It's a reckless rollback of essential protections to ensure clean, safe water across our nation.

We must continue the progress we've made in the fight for clean water: I'm suing.
This #LawDay, we honor the people across this nation who work tirelessly to uphold the rule of law and ensure the rights of the American people are preserved.

In this unique moment in time and beyond, we remain committed to doing our part to turn this nation right side up again. https://t.co/HhleMpO9Dl
In our lawsuit against Zara Realty, a judge has ruled the individuals who own Zara may be held liable for alleged violations of tenant harassment and rent stabilization laws.
 
The ruling ensures landlords cannot hide their blatant pattern of tenant harassment behind an LLC.
We have to protect senior citizens during &amp; after this crisis.

That's why I'm leading a coalition urging @HUDgov to ensure seniors with reverse mortgages will not be at risk of foreclosure due to #COVID19.

We must anticipate &amp; counter the long-term economic effects of #COVID19.
As workers across the US plan to take action today to call for better protections &amp; basic rights, I want to remind employers that retaliation against those who speak out about safety issues is potentially unlawful.
 
I will be keeping a close eye on these activities in New York.
In the midst of this crisis, workers' rights to work in safe workplaces are more critical than ever.

I stand with all the workers in New York and across the nation who have sacrificed so much to serve and protect our communities. #MayDay2020 https://t.co/qpQpXvK3sy
RT @SenatorMyrie: TONIGHT at 6PM: Think your local market is price gouging? Join me for a #FacebookLive Consumer Town Hall with @NewYorkSta…
We are in the middle of a national crisis, and the CARES Act stimulus payments are meant to help working families and individuals during this difficult time.

That's why I took action to protect New Yorkers’ wallets and stop debt collectors from intercepting these payments.
If you don't get to watch live sports then why are you paying to?

With the cancellation of all live sports, I called on seven major cable &amp; satellite providers in New York to cut fees for live sporting events &amp; provide critical financial relief for consumers.
RT @BrooklynDA: TOMORROW: Join us for our virtual Consumer Town Hall at 6 PM to learn about information and resources for consumers during…
RT @Lin_Manuel: Hey, NYC! We're 11 points behind the nation on census numbers, so I'm working again w/ NYC Census 2020 @JulieMenin. If you…
#BREAKING: I filed a motion seeking to temporarily halt the Public Charge Rule.

With this rule, the Trump Admin is only exacerbating this crisis: undermining efforts to combat #COVID19 by deterring access to essential care &amp; instead, putting all of our communities in harm's way. https://t.co/ZxvjZURhqf
NY is proud to be a sanctuary state that protects its immigrant residents, many of whom are fighting on the frontlines of this crisis. The President's threat to hold #COVID19 funding hostage only aims to punish us all.

I stand ready to take legal action.
https://t.co/wovJl8h8iA
This #WorkersMemorialDay, we remember the workers who have tragically lost their lives while serving our communities.

Now, more than ever, we're seeing the dangers our workers face every day to protect us.
 
To all our workers: we appreciate you, we honor you &amp; we thank you.
In order to accurately capture the scope of #COVID19 in our communities, it's imperative we expand access to testing.

I'm grateful New York will start to take advantage of its vast system of pharmacies to provide more #COVID19 tests than ever before.
https://t.co/hy0qctqn62
The Trump Admin has refused to enforce provisions in the CARES Act that protect consumers’ credit during this crisis, so I'm taking charge. I'm leading a coalition of AGs warning the 3 Consumer Reporting Agencies that we will enforce these safeguards &amp; protect Americans’ wallets.
RT @markpoloncarz: If you believe you are a victim of a #COVID19-related scam, or are aware of a potential scam, please report it to the of…
It's unconscionable that scammers are using the #COVID19 pandemic as an opportunity to take advantage of innocent New Yorkers and line their own pockets.
 
If you believe you're a victim of a #COVID19-related scam, report it to my office:
 
https://t.co/LsGMruxK4B
Essential workers selflessly put their lives on the line each and every day to keep us safe during this pandemic.
 
Today and every day, we must make sure these workers know just how much we appreciate them.

From Brooklyn: Thank you. https://t.co/AVX4MEjEJt
We must ensure nursing homes keep our most vulnerable safe, and that their workers have the resources to protect residents and themselves.

If you have a complaint about nursing homes in New York, my office wants to know:

833-249-8499 or https://t.co/L0xCVASYRr
As we continue to navigate this crisis, we're working to stop price gouging of essential goods in NY.

We've sent out over a thousand cease &amp; desist notices to businesses, suppliers &amp; wholesalers, but we need your help. 

Report price gouging to my office:
https://t.co/YJ9Qbbdi2S
The most vulnerable are suffering through this crisis at nursing homes across our state. My office is working to protect these residents and their rights during this crisis and beyond.
 
We're asking NYers to report complaints below:

☎️833-249-8499

💻https://t.co/L0xCVASYRr
New York: you still have time to participate in the #2020Census &amp; help ensure our state gets its fair share of crucial resources to help navigate this crisis.

Use the link below &amp; make sure you're counted. You can complete the form in 10 minutes or less.

https://t.co/jXkjNwsVi4
RT @NassauExecutive: .@NewYorkStateAG has set up a Hotline to report nursing home abuse and neglect, including failure to follow rules to k…
Today the courts upheld a woman’s constitutional right to an abortion in two states we took action in: Tennessee and Alabama.

I will continue to defend women against states trying to use #COVID19 as an excuse to strip away their constitutional rights, full stop.
Last October, the Southern District of NY granted our motion for a preliminary injunction to block the Public Charge rule from taking effect.

SCOTUS is now allowing us to go back to that court to ask for a temporary halt of this rule.

Lives are in danger &amp; we can't wait.
SCOTUS has issued an order allowing us to file an emergency motion in a lower court to temporarily halt the Public Charge Rule &amp; that’s exactly what we’re going to do.
 
This rule threatens all New Yorkers, especially during this crisis.
 
We will continue to fight back.
REMINDER: Last week, I ordered Genesis II to immediately cease &amp; desist marketing this bleach product as a "cure" for #COVID19.

Peddling this product puts the American people in real danger.

This isn't sarcasm, this is science. 

https://t.co/1KFcb7MXTA
I will ensure New Yorkers aren't left footing the bills for services they aren't being provided.
 
I urge all New Yorkers to continue filing complaints with my office against companies seeking to take advantage of this crisis:
 
https://t.co/TFClISMfbw
After we secured a membership freeze earlier this month, @NYSC has committed to providing further financial relief for consumers for the time the gym has been closed.
 
I will monitor @NYSC to ensure they comply with these commitments. https://t.co/bvZNPGagBp
@YoungLegend__ You can DM us the information or report price gouging of essential goods below:

https://t.co/YJ9Qbbdi2S
In order to ensure our most vulnerable are protected during this crisis, I'm reminding New Yorkers about our hotline to report issues related to nursing homes and #COVID19.
 
We must protect our nursing homes residents and workers:
 
833-249-8499 or https://t.co/L0xCVASYRr
Tens of millions are out of work due to #COVID19 and the Trump admin's newest SNAP rule only puts them in more danger. That's why I led a coalition with @AGKarlRacine demanding they suspend this policy.

We cannot allow millions to go hungry.
https://t.co/YZRjwD7Ppi
@DrJenGunter Thanks for bringing this to our attention.
Tennessee is attempting an unconstitutional ban on almost all procedural abortions. You better believe I'm taking action &amp; fighting back. 

Alabama, Arkansas, Oklahoma &amp; Texas have also tried similar bans in their states &amp; I've acted to defend women's bodies &amp; their freedoms.
Tonight marks the beginning of the holy month of #Ramadan.

While this holy month may not be the same as in years past, this time of reflection, sacrifice, and charity will be more meaningful than ever.

#RamadanMubarak to all who observe in New York and across the world.
@bradhoylman Yes, thanks for flagging.
Last April I sued the Trump Admin over their attempts to weaken certain nutritional standards in school meals, and I'm taking action again today because our federal government should not be undermining key health benefits for children depending on these meals every day.
We are in the middle of a global pandemic, and Trump's @USDA is trying to weaken nutritional standards for school meals.

I'm strongly opposing this move: denying access to healthy school meals would ignore the health and wellbeing of over a million children in New York alone.
The #coronavirus pandemic is stressful, and the last thing New Yorkers need is added anxiety when it comes to their wallets.
 
That's why I acted to ensure debt collectors keep their hands off New Yorkers' stimulus payments.
https://t.co/PW0glcEUve
This proclamation is antithetical to everything we believe as Americans. Immigrants are working essential jobs on the frontlines of this crisis helping to keep our nation and economy moving forward.

I stand ready to take legal action.
https://t.co/wCiaklBZVY
@MarkOttoNYC @TishJames @MarkLevineNYC @NYSC @NYCMayor @NYSenBenjamin They were supposed to freeze memberships. We will look into this. Thank you for reporting.
RT @HabitatNYC: Our ReStore trucks can drive more than 15,000 miles a year - that's every street in the city... twice! Thanks to a grant fr…
While this #EarthDay isn't the same as years past, we still have a responsibility to do our part to protect our planet.
 
While this crisis is hard, we will get through this. https://t.co/rO7Og5MlAL
While the @US_FDA has relaxed restrictions for our LGBTQ community to donate blood &amp; help our nation during this crisis, it's simply not enough. I'm urging the FDA to issue new guidance and make it easier for our LGBTQ community to donate blood &amp; plasma in this trying time.
@068bfa8e2fe34c1 @Hertz Thank you for bringing this to our attention. Please contact our hotline to report any act of discrimination:

800-771-7755
My office has taken action to hold big polluters accountable, clean up our nation's waterways, and fight back against regulations that hurt our planet.
 
I remain committed to defending science and the health of our planet.
On the 50th anniversary of #EarthDay, the fight against climate change has never been more monumental. We may be at home navigating this crisis, but we cannot lose sight of the fact that we must continue to work to improve the health of our planet.
 
It's going to take all of us.
Alabama is attempting to use #COVID19 as an excuse to ban almost all abortions in the state and just like Texas, Oklahoma &amp; Arkansas, I'm leading a coalition and fighting back.
 
I will continue to challenge these attacks on a woman's constitutional right to an abortion.
One day before #EarthDay the Trump admin's @EPA is finalizing its Dirty Water Rule, putting safe drinking water, wildlife habitats &amp; public safety at serious risk.
 
I will fight back to protect our nation's waterbodies and the progress we've made for clean water.
The Trump admin's newest SNAP rule would deny food assistance to 3.1 million people &amp; I'm leading a coalition demanding they suspend it.

Far too many are already struggling right now &amp; this rule would only push them into more danger.

I will protect access to these basic rights.
As #COVID19 has forced society to stay at home, countless survivors of domestic violence are potentially at greater risk of intimate partner abuse.
 
We want to remind individuals that they are not alone &amp; there are resources available to help you:

https://t.co/LM1C4tbKTn https://t.co/GhXf00TtKZ
We remember the 6 million Jews who were killed. 

We remember their names and their stories. 

We remember the sanctity of life and we vow to protect it against evil every day.

We remember that we said #NeverAgain 

#YomHaShoah
My office is taking action to ensure that health insurance providers give women access to the contraceptive health care they deserve under the law.

Read about your rights below and contact my office if you've been denied this care:

💻 https://t.co/XXcB9zlxOC
 
☎️ 800-428-9071 https://t.co/HA6bWuqmRa
After an investigation alongside @SDNYnews, we reached a settlement w/the Industrial Bank of Korea related to the illegal transfer of over $1 billion to Iran. 

Financial institutions aren't above the law &amp; I won't hesitate to use the powers of my office to hold them accountable.
Arkansas is the latest state to try to use the #coronavirus pandemic as an excuse to ban almost all procedural abortions in their state, and I'm leading a coalition to fight back.

Women have a constitutional right to abortions in this nation &amp; I will defend that right full stop.
As this pandemic continues to wreak havoc on our society, I'll continue to do everything in my power to protect NYers.
 
I took action to ensure NY banks, creditors &amp; debt collectors can't raid stimulus payments.

If they do, I'll take swift legal action.
https://t.co/0877Qyi933
With more than 1 million NYers losing their jobs &amp; health insurance, it's critically important that women can receive their birth control for the full duration allowed under the law.

During this crisis &amp; beyond, I'll fight to protect New Yorkers' health care &amp; their rights.
Under the law, New Yorkers have a right to a year's supply of birth control that they can receive at one time.
 
We found @MetroPlusHealth, @Aetna &amp; @OscarHealth refused to provide this coverage. 

I'm ordering them to obey the law &amp; provide women with this critical care.
#BREAKING: I took action to ensure NYS banks, creditors &amp; debt collectors can NOT garnish CARES Act stimulus payments &amp; raid critical financial relief from New Yorkers during this crisis.

Any institution that violates this order will face swift legal action from my office.
The Public Charge rule puts our entire nation at risk during this crisis. Our immigrant communities are anxious and fearful to seek testing &amp; medical care, risking further spread of this virus.

That’s why we asked SCOTUS to temporarily halt this rule.
https://t.co/dbOhQHRkes
I'm ordering 4 companies to immediately stop selling #COVID19 at-home test kits and marketing products as treatments and cures for #COVID19.
 
This isn't a game. Giving people a false sense of security is not only illegal, but it also puts communities at risk.
With your help, we can stop bad actors in their tracks and keep all of our communities protected against price gouging and scams looking to take advantage of this crisis.
 
Contact my office and let's keep working:
https://t.co/5Te8Xoh9Wq https://t.co/qqeiXVBTHu
Since March, we've shut down websites seeking to illegally profit off of this crisis and we've worked with registrars to "lock" these domains so they can't be used again.

I won't tolerate scammers taking advantage of this crisis on the internet.
If you owe non-medical or non-student debt to New York State that has been referred to my office, you can also apply to freeze that debt:
https://t.co/QntgE8iTVy
Effective this morning, I'm renewing our suspension of student, medical &amp; other debt owed to New York State that has been referred to my office for an additional 30 days.
 
NYers are struggling through this crisis and @NYGovCuomo &amp; I will not add undue stress onto their wallets.
The #coronavirus pandemic underscores just how important it is that New York gets its fair share of federal funding and you have a role in ensuring that happens.

It takes 10 minutes or less to fill out the #2020Census online &amp; make sure you're counted:

https://t.co/Fi4SPiQ8Ck
@Lozie2Pool Thank you for checking. Yes, this is real. My office secured full refunds for all Fantasy Island consumers who made advance purchases for the 2020 season.
 
https://t.co/cPSqiOkubq
Access to safe and stable housing has never been more important. During this crisis, it's imperative that tenants across New York know they still have rights.

Use the guidance below and visit our website for more:
https://t.co/EPH5ZxAVlp https://t.co/t6gfKhoxJn
This isn’t easy, and it certainly won’t get any easier. But we have to remember when we #StayHome, we save lives. https://t.co/j1lA1oQNg4
I also ordered @SBAdotcom to immediately stop deceiving small businesses by purporting to provide federal loans and misleading businesses that it is affiliated with @SBAGOV.
 
Our small businesses cannot be duped while they're trying to get a lifeline.
#COVID19 has brought economic anxiety for small businesses in our nation &amp; we must ensure they have the resources they need to get through this.
 
I'm issuing guidance to help small businesses seeking federal “Paycheck Protection Program” loans &amp; to help protect them from scams.
I want to be clear: The @EPA's relaxation of critical environmental protection laws during the #COVID19 crisis gives companies the green light to pollute more without consequence.

If the EPA refuses to do its job, I will hold these companies accountable.
https://t.co/w7Eb8oqiLl
RT @NY1noticias: Piden eliminar la regla de #CargaPública. De acuerdo con @NewYorkStateAG la mayoría de inmigrantes trabajan en empleos ese…
@NYRick @NYSERDA @RobisonOil Thank you for bringing this to our attention. Please submit a complaint below:

https://t.co/btHoRIer1O
This week I urged the federal government to take action on this and do what’s right:
 
Ensure the stimulus payments go directly to the people and families across this nation who desperately need a lifeline right now.
https://t.co/9IiPopwvbM
Now, more than ever, workers in our country need paid sick leave, but the Trump Admin’s @USDOL is enacting a rule that would restrict #COVID19-based sick leave.
 
I'm committed to protecting our workers &amp; their financial security during this crisis, not denying it.
 
I'm suing.
The company Defense Distributed is breaking the law by making 3D-printed "ghost gun" files available online. I'm demanding the Trump Admin enforce the law &amp; remove them.
 
Ghost guns are very dangerous: they allow people to create unregistered &amp; untraceable 3D firearms from home.
In order to beat this virus, we must provide testing &amp; treatment to all those who need it.
 
We’re asking the Supreme Court to temporarily halt the rule until this national crisis is over because any rule that threatens an immigrant’s well-being, threatens all of us.
This rule threatens legal immigrants for accessing health benefits &amp; during a pandemic, the risks of forgoing care are enormous.

Immigrant workers are on the frontlines of this crisis. Deterring them from seeking testing &amp; care only risks lives &amp; increases the spread to others.
#BREAKING: I filed a motion in the U.S. Supreme Court asking the court to temporarily halt the Public Charge Rule.

We are in the midst of an unprecedented public health crisis &amp; the Public Charge Rule only exacerbates the harms of #COVID19 for immigrants and our entire nation.
Today, I led a coalition of 25 AGs urging the federal government to take immediate action to ensure stimulus payments from the CARES Act go directly to families in need &amp; can't be seized by debt collectors.

Too many Americans have lost their jobs &amp; income &amp; need a lifeline.
As the federal government begins to send stimulus checks to help individuals with the hardships of this pandemic, it's imperative to stay vigilant against scammers trying to take advantage.
 
Use the tips below &amp; report any potential scams to my office:
https://t.co/CQkePbYTbh https://t.co/VY2BQbLcBI
A very Happy Easter to those who celebrate in New York &amp; across our nation.

Enjoy this holy day with those you love whether it’s with those you’re at home with or virtually. We may need to stay home and practice social distancing, but this is still a day of joy. #WorshipInPlace
Oklahoma is trying to use the #coronavirus as an excuse to take away a woman's constitutional right to abortions &amp; I'm leading a coalition to fight back.
 
When I said I will not hesitate to take action against any state that tries to trample on the rights of women, I meant it.
@CMPeterKoo @NYPD109Pct @CMPeterKoo I'm so sorry to this happened to you, and I'm grateful you're safe and unharmed. This kind of behavior in our city is unacceptable, and we must not tolerate it.
This crisis is a burden on all of us. But there are resources available to help.
 
If you have questions about potential labor violations, see price gouging of essential goods, or a #COVID19 related scam, contact my office and we will take action:
 
https://t.co/5Te8Xoh9Wq
Let's be clear: Texas using #COVID19 as a justification to ban abortions and strip women of their constitutional right to reproductive health care is an excuse. 

It's an excuse to trespass on the rights of women and to deny them the access they deserve.

I'm fighting back. https://t.co/yzaezSrzw3
RT @NYSLabor: NEW: Our call-back system for UI claims will be in place today. 

If you have been instructed to call our Telephone Claims Ce…
New York: It’s imperative to participate in the #2020Census so we have an accurate count to ensure we get our fair share of federal funding to continue combating #COVID19.

You still have time and can complete the form online:

https://t.co/Fi4SPiQ8Ck https://t.co/z6z6eolUlf
My office has sent over 1,000 notices demanding businesses, wholesalers &amp; suppliers stop price gouging essential goods or face legal action.

I will keep holding these bad actors accountable, but I need your help.

Report price gouging to my office:
https://t.co/YJ9Qbbdi2S
@phillipdampier @amazon Thank you for bringing this to our attention. We are looking into it.
While the curve appears to be flattening in New York, yesterday our state lost 779 people to #COVID19.
 
My heart goes out to every New Yorker affected by this virus. It touches our loved ones, our friends, and our neighbors. But we will get through this together.
The #ACA requires employers to cover birth control, yet the Trump Admin continues to fight to allow companies to deny it based on religious beliefs.

Under the ACA, 62 million women have had access to affordable birth control &amp; we're going to the Supreme Court to protect that.
The Jewish people have always been guided by the power of helping others &amp; this time is no different. 

To all staying home &amp; creating new traditions this year: thank you. 

You are saving lives, protecting our communities &amp; keeping the history of #Pesach alive. 

Chag Sameach.
Tonight marks the beginning of #Passover, a time that reminds us of the power &amp; resilience of the Jewish people.

This year’s Passover will look &amp; feel different. We must all celebrate in our homes &amp; practice social distancing. 

But that doesn’t mean our spirit must change.
I'm calling on the Trump Admin to halt an anti-abortion rule that would raise abortion costs and place onerous requirements on women.
 
This admin has been relentless in its attacks on women's reproductive health &amp; this latest rule will be even more harmful during this pandemic.
As we navigate the #COVID19 crisis and learn new information, it's crucial New Yorkers know about their rights and the resources available to help address many of the challenges we’re facing.

My office is here to help:
 
https://t.co/5Te8Xoh9Wq
New Yorkers all across our state are struggling with the economic impacts of #COVID19, and I'm pleased to be able to provide families in Western New York with some relief.
After Western New York theme park Fantasy Island announced they were closing, hundreds of NYers who prepaid for the 2020 season were left without a park to go to.

Today I'm announcing we secured nearly $425,000 to ensure full refunds for all consumers who had prepaid.
Every medical professional in New York &amp; across the globe has risked their own health to save the lives of people they don't even know.
 
This #WorldHealthDay &amp; every day we recognize the bravery of health care workers on the frontlines and say thank you for their tireless work.
@naomi325 @nyc311 @yuhline @CM_MargaretChin @bradhoylman @TishJames Thank you for bringing this to our attention. We are looking into it.
@ortiz4congress @nyccreature @NYGovCuomo @NYCMayor We have been working to address this in the Bronx and across the state. If you or anyone you know has seen price gouging, please report it to my office:

https://t.co/YJ9Qbbdi2S
@nyccreature @NYGovCuomo @NYCMayor Thank you for bringing this to our attention. Do you have a photo of the price tag or receipt you can provide us with? Feel free to DM us if you prefer.
RT @NYGovCuomo: New York on PAUSE is extended through April 29.

Schools and non-essential businesses will remain closed.

Public health is…
@JaredMShari @NYGovCuomo @NYCMayor @nytimes @NY1 @nycgov Thank you for bringing this to our attention. Are there any specific instances of price gouging you can provide us with? Feel free to DM if you prefer.
These policies are in place for a reason: to help save lives.

Violating them endangers both patients and the general public, and I will take legal action against those who believe they're above them.
https://t.co/KViqHovi4U
New Yorkers have enough to worry about and should not be forced to pay for services @NYSC is no longer providing.

I urge all @NYSC members who have been unlawfully charged dues or fees by @NYSC to contact my office:

https://t.co/CQkePbYTbh

https://t.co/41LwpNJZVs
RT @JoyAnnReid: Joining the #amjoy show this morning: New York attorney general @TishJames to talk about her efforts to keep folks honest d…
When it comes to this pandemic, taking advantage of New Yorkers will not be tolerated by my office. If you’ve experienced:

❌ Price gouging essential goods

❌ #COVID19 related scams

❌ Discriminatory acts

My office is here to help:

https://t.co/5Te8Xoh9Wq
.@NYSC continues to unfairly charge NYers even though gyms are closed.

I'm demanding that @NYSC &amp; affiliated health clubs stop charging dues immediately. If they refuse to comply, I won't hesitate to take every legal step necessary to protect New Yorkers &amp; get their money back.
I'm leading 19 AGs in legal action to stop Texas from blocking nearly all abortion services &amp; using the #coronavirus as an excuse.

In our nation, a woman has a constitutional right to access an abortion &amp; I won't stand for assaults on women's choices, freedoms &amp; bodies.
For these companies to continue to provide group medical transport rides in the face of a clear ban, during the outbreak of a highly contagious disease, is simply &amp; completely unacceptable. 

We take these violations very seriously &amp; will not hesitate to act to protect NYers.
I ordered 78 medical transport providers in Albany, Buffalo, Rochester &amp; Syracuse to immediately stop conducting group rides for Medicaid recipients.

My office found these companies were violating state orders that explicitly ban group rides to protect NYers from #COVID19.
Everyone, including the NRA, must follow the law and all executive orders of New York.
 
We will aggressively defend the state against yet another legal assault by the NRA.
https://t.co/xjFaHikr65
I ordered CBD company Finest Herbalist to immediately stop marketing products as a cure or treatment for #COVID19.
 
They targeted consumers through email campaigns, text messages &amp; bogus news websites with false claims that their product successfully cures and treats #COVID19.
The Trump Admin's rollback of auto emissions standards is stunting our nation’s progress in the fight for clean air, climate change &amp; the protection of consumers’ wallets.
 
I will work with AGs across the nation to fight this reckless action.
https://t.co/P5zLAYAYRs
Participating in the #2020Census helps ensure NY gets its fair share of federal funding for things like:

🚒Support for firefighters

🛣️ Infrastructure

🍴School lunches

Best part? It takes less than 10 minutes. Make sure you're counted! #CensusDay

https://t.co/Fi4SPiQ8Ck
This crisis is hard for all of us, but especially our most vulnerable.

Food pantries &amp; soup kitchens like @MetCouncil, @CityHarvest &amp; @FoodBank4NYC have been doing great work on the frontlines, but are overburdened.

If you can, I'm asking you to help:
https://t.co/O78ZTcbnpP
Price gouging essential goods during a public health crisis is both illegal and immoral.

If you come across price gouging in New York, report it to my office so we can hold these bad actors accountable.

https://t.co/YJ9Qbbdi2S
Today is #CensusDay &amp; it's more important than ever to participate.

It only takes 10 minutes online &amp; your participation in the #2020Census will help ensure NY gets its fair share of federal funding &amp; representation in Congress.

Make sure you're counted:
https://t.co/Fi4SPiQ8Ck https://t.co/plqhuFVyhH
This #TransDayOfVisibility, recognize the strength and pride of the trans and non-binary community.

I see you, and I'm proud to stand with you in New York and across the world because trans rights are human rights.
RT @PowherNY: VIDEO: Start the chanting with @TishJames! |  "Say with me Equal Pay!" https://t.co/foE3po8XmY #EqualPayNY #EqualPayDay https…
As this pandemic has forced society to stay at home, countless survivors of domestic violence are potentially at greater risk of intimate partner abuse.

We want to remind individuals that they are not alone &amp; there are resources available to help you:

https://t.co/uQphkGLyNv
We're asking the courts for an immediate decision in this lawsuit to stop this admin's continued attacks on women's reproductive rights.
 
A woman has a constitutional right to an abortion and the stakes are even higher as we navigate this public health crisis. https://t.co/B76aBRjkHU
.@RepMaxRose is deploying to the National Guard tomorrow to do what public servants do best: help our communities however we can.
 
Thank you for joining the frontlines of this crisis. All of New York stands with you. https://t.co/bHwltLwRXs
Women are doctors.
 
Women are nurses.
 
Women are heroes.
 
Women are risking their lives on the frontlines of this pandemic just the same as men, and they deserve equal pay. This #EqualPayDay, it's more important than ever to highlight the pay gap women face every single day.
In this midst of a pandemic, Chris Smalls &amp; his colleagues bravely protested the lack of precautions that @amazon employed to protect them from #COVID19. Then he was fired. 

I'm considering all legal options &amp; calling on the NLRB to investigate. 

Amazon, this is disgraceful. https://t.co/Cgu09LmwHL
A judge has blocked the state of Texas from using the #coronavirus as an excuse to deny women their constitutional right to an abortion.
 
I’ll continue to fight back against any state that uses the #coronavirus as a veiled assault on women’s reproductive freedoms. https://t.co/p8gWuGOIxO
Workers who earn hourly wages—and who would be most adversely affected by the rule—are also those most likely to suffer the adverse economic impact caused by #COVID19, such as having hours reduced or being laid off.
 
I will always fight for the interests of our workers.
I'm leading a coalition with @PAAttorneyGen to call on the Trump Administration to immediately stop the implementation of the “Joint Employer Rule,” a new rule that undermines key labor protections for workers.
@Loko4203 @NYGovCuomo @TishJames We are currently looking into this report.
@JustinMorinC @Gristedes Thank you for reporting this. Can you please provide us with the specific location?
Any woman who wants to go into a doctor’s office or a clinic and get an abortion should continue to be able to do so. Control over one’s reproductive freedom should not be limited to those able to leave their homes as we battle the #coronavirus.
I'm calling on the federal government to lift restrictions on the medical-abortion prescription drug Mifepristone so that no woman is forced to leave her home and risk her health during this crisis while exercising her constitutional right to an abortion.
Lorena Borjas dedicated her life to fighting for the transgender community, and she will always be remembered as a champion.
 
Today, the transgender community lost a giant. May she rest in power. https://t.co/JFQKaiOtW4
@Loko4203 @NYGovCuomo @TishJames @HamptonByHilton @UnilandDevCo @NorthTownCenter Thank you. We are aware of this site and we’re looking into it.
@Loko4203 @NYGovCuomo @TishJames Thank you for bringing this to our attention. Can you please provide us with the site you’re referring to? Feel free to send us a DM or report this to Labor.Bureau@ag.ny.gov.
My heart is heavy to learn of the passing of Josef Neumann, a victim in the hate crime attack in Monsey, NY during Hanukkah last year.
 
My deepest condolences to Josef's family and loved ones, and may he rest in peace.
https://t.co/0uoRM9NVFT
This #NationalDoctorsDay, we say thank you to all the health care workers across New York and the entire globe for stepping up during this crisis and risking your own lives to save the lives of those around you.
 
You're the heroes, and we're grateful for you every single day.
@RosaGoldensohn @TishJames @NYGovCuomo Please have them reach out to my office: labor.bureau@ag.ny.gov

If email is not an option, they can call 212-416-8700.
My heart is with the family and loved ones of Detective Cedric Dixon and all the public servants who have lost their lives to this pandemic.

New York is grateful to have the finest in the nation protecting and caring for us on the frontlines. https://t.co/nv4CQehhbC
Whether you’ve experienced price gouging of necessary goods, seen a bogus scam related to the #coronavirus, or need to report a labor violation, my office is here to help.

⬇️⬇️⬇️

https://t.co/5Te8Xoh9Wq
.@NYGovCuomo is right. A forced lockdown of NY (and NJ/CT) would have been illegal. 

I’m glad the president announced that he is dropping this idea and instead working with our governors.

https://t.co/YOTPqfDL38
@SchadenJake @Gristedes Thank you
RT @AaronKatersky: New York Attorney General @TishJames is evaluating options if President Trump follows through with a tri-state quarantin…
@SchadenJake @Gristedes Thank you. Were there any other essential goods that were notably more expensive?
As we navigate the #coronavirus pandemic, it's crucial to make sure you complete the #2020Census and get counted.
 
Getting our fair share of federal funds &amp; congressional representation is more important than ever.
 
⬇️⬇️⬇️
 
https://t.co/SWk1HZ7KWd
There is no room for this kind of violence against our transgender community in New York.

I’m thinking of this woman’s family, loved ones, and the entire transgender community today. We’re better than this.
https://t.co/rQPRABXLob
We’ve received reports of scammers trying to steal personal &amp; financial info by using the news that the federal government will send payments to people for #coronavirus economic relief efforts.

Take precautions &amp; report any potential scams to my office:
https://t.co/CQkePbYTbh https://t.co/b8LUprsuk9
We’ve taken action against businesses for price gouging a variety of essential goods like hand sanitizer &amp; disinfectants, but remember it's illegal to gouge on any necessary consumer good at this time.

If you come across price gouging, we want to know:

https://t.co/YJ9Qbbdi2S https://t.co/pfGqs3VrVW
For more information on changes to these procedures, use the following links:
 
Financial Filings:
 
https://t.co/94Sh6ut8Ko
 
Real Estate Filings:
 
https://t.co/R15t5dFpkO
These temporary changes for filings related to certain financial and real estate matters will ensure the health of New Yorkers are not further at risk during these trying times, while also allowing my office to continue its vital work protecting New York investors and purchasers.
To limit the need for NYers to visit the post office, we're halting most requirements for the physical mailing of filings to our office.
 
The spread of the #coronavirus means remote work is the new norm &amp; our practices must adapt to keep both the public &amp; workers safe.
Texas and other states are using the #coronavirus as an excuse to deny women their constitutional right to an abortion.
 
I'll soon be leading a coalition of AGs to stop Texas and any other state who uses #COVID-19 as a veiled assault on women’s reproductive freedoms. https://t.co/OOiay2Qqyi
We secured a huge victory for thousands of workers across NY: the courts ruled @Postmates delivery drivers are employees &amp; thus eligible for unemployment insurance.

As we battle #coronavirus, @Postmates drivers should know they have the same safety net millions in NY have today.
I'm donating 33,000 gloves and 1,700 protective masks to protect our brave healthcare workers who are on the frontlines of this crisis.

We must do everything we can to support our state during this time and that includes ensuring healthcare workers have the resources they need.
I'm calling on @BetsyDeVosED to take immediate action and provide emergency relief to protect federal student loan borrowers in response to the #coronavirus pandemic.
 
Secretary DeVos has the power to help millions or straddle them with billions in insurmountable debt.
Studies from countless health organizations across the globe have determined that the primary transmission of the #coronavirus is through respiratory droplets, not air transmission.
 
These claims deceive consumers into thinking they are protected with products that don't work.
These companies have been misrepresenting that #COVID19 is primarily an airborne disease &amp; that their $1,500 air purifiers can effectively prevent people from contracting the virus by removing the virus particles from the air. This is misleading &amp; it's dangerous to public health.
I demanded @AllerAir, @Airpura, and @SylvaneInc immediately stop marketing their air purifiers as tools that can prevent the spread and contraction of #coronavirus.
 
I will continue to go after companies that jeopardize our health and safety to increase their bottom line.
@losertakesall @TishJames Thank you for bringing this to our attention. We are looking into it.
RT @BrianLehrer: Coming up at 10: Rep. @MikieSherrill (D, NJ-11) on the stimulus bill; @alisoneroman with advice on cooking and eating heal…
I am calling on both the federal government and states across our nation to ensure women's access to safe, legal abortions are NOT jeopardized or curtailed due to #coronavirus.
 
#COVID-19 is not an excuse for any level of government to curtail women's reproductive freedoms.
Blood banks across our nation are running low at a time we need it most.
 
If you're a healthy individual and able to, consider donating blood. Your donation could save lives.
https://t.co/Bxa23RzDG7
@jigStultz @TishJames Thank you for bringing this to our attention. Can you please provide the specific location for this business?
Acts of bigoted and hateful behavior will NOT be tolerated in New York.
 
If you've experienced ANY discriminatory actions, contact my office:
 
✉️civil.rights@ag.ny.gov
https://t.co/zb2F2jvCAr
Scammers commonly exploit public health crises and use heightened fear to prey on consumers and profit from frauds related to those fears. 

Remain vigilant and if you have been the victim of a scam or predatory action related to #coronavirus, please contact my office. https://t.co/FU494MC9YH
RT @CityofYonkers: .@NewYorkStateAG Letitia James has issued guidance to New Yorkers by highlighting the available resources and potential…
I'm urging President Trump to fully utilize the Defense Production Act to immediately prioritize the production of protective gear and testing supplies.

With a definitive act from the commander-in-chief, companies nationwide can start to step up and do their part to help.
It is imperative that all New Yorkers are mindful about their health, but also vigilant about potential scams related to this pandemic.
 
I encourage anyone who believes they are the victim of a scam or predatory action to contact my office:
 
https://t.co/CQkePbYTbh
We've gotten reports of scammers targeting members of the Fort Drum community pretending to provide financial support from the federal government.

I want to remind everyone that the federal government will never call you seeking information about your bank account.
RT @NydiaVelazquez: Proud of @NewYorkStateAG for creating a hate crime hotline amidst rising xenophobia. We cannot allow prejudice to sprea…
RT @NassauExecutive: The rise in bias incidents targeting members of the Asian-American community has been troubling and unacceptable. 

Re…
If you have concerns or questions over whether your employer is in violation of either existing labor laws or recently issued New York State executive orders, contact my office:

✉️ Labor.Bureau@ag.ny.gov
RT @markpoloncarz: If you believe an employer is violating either existing labor laws or recently issued @NYGovCuomo executive orders, plea…
.@MarkLevineNYC has been an incredibly important voice on the public health front, leading the way to help ensure our communities are informed and our government is acting with urgency.
 
I'm grateful for what he’s been doing for NY &amp; wish him a speedy recovery to full health. https://t.co/fJBCTKFax5
In the 10 years since the #ACA was passed, there's never been a time when ensuring access to quality, affordable health care is more essential.

It’s time the president &amp; Republican states drop this lawsuit. If they don’t, we'll continue the fight to ensure we don't go backwards.
No one should live in fear for their life because of who they are, what they look like or where they come from.

I encourage all victims of ANY discriminatory actions to contact my office:

☎️(800) 771-7755

✉️civil.rights@ag.ny.gov
With rising reports of harassment &amp; assaults, as well as rhetoric against Asian Americans amidst #coronavirus, I'm launching a hotline for New Yorkers to report hate crimes &amp; bias-based incidents.
 
This pandemic does not give anyone an excuse to be racist, xenophobic, or biased. https://t.co/HPvZgpcIal
@ddeutsch620 Hello, please use the following link to report price gouging to my office:
 
https://t.co/YJ9Qbbdi2S
@coryprovost @JumaaneWilliams @NYGovCuomo @NYCMayor Thank you for bringing this to our attention. We are looking into it.
@racstar2 @AOC Thank you for bringing this to our attention. We are looking into it.
@toolanj138 @TishJames @SenGillibrand @SenSchumer @MainesFood Thank you for bringing this to our attention. We are looking into it.
On the 10th anniversary of the #ACA, the President remains committed to stripping health care from millions of Americans at a time when our nation is facing a global pandemic from the #coronavirus.

I remain committed to fighting in the Supreme Court to protect it.
RT @NY1: State Attorney General @tishjames is cracking down on price gouging amid the coronavirus outbreak. She's issued hundreds of cease…
The executive order closing all non-essential businesses in NY starts tonight at 8 PM.

If you believe your employer is in violation of either existing labor laws or recently issued NYS executive orders, my office wars to know:
 
☎️ (212) 416-8700
 
✉️ Labor.Bureau@ag.ny.gov
RT @TheBlackCaucus: Join CBC Chair @RepKarenBass @HeigherHeights for #SundayBrunch on FBLive at 3 pm ET for with Black women leaders for a…
I'm calling for automatic absentee voting for every eligible voter across our state to ensure New Yorkers can take part in democracy without risking the spread of #coronavirus.
 
New Yorkers shouldn’t have to choose between their health and their right to vote.
@chrsbakr Please ask her to reach out to my office for help: (212) 416-8700 or Labor.Bureau@ag.ny.gov
Mr. Root has advertised on his show and social media accounts that products from https://t.co/FGANGlmax2 will help cure #coronavirus and “might save your life” if you contract it.
 
There is currently NO FDA-approved vaccine to prevent the disease or treatment to cure it.
I ordered @RealWayneRoot to immediately stop marketing products as bogus treatments and cures for #coronavirus on @newsmax and his social media accounts.

I will continue to go after any individual or entity that preys on consumers, especially during this crisis.
We all need to work together &amp; cooperate with emergency responders and public officials who are working nonstop to keep all New Yorkers safe.

Thanks to leaders like @markpoloncarz who continue to work tirelessly with my office to address these issues &amp; protect our communities.
My office is closely monitoring the treatment of employees across the state during this crisis.
 
If you believe your employer is in violation of either existing labor laws or recently issued NYS executive orders, contact my office:
 
☎️ (212) 416-8700
 
✉️ Labor.Bureau@ag.ny.gov
I cannot stress this enough, everyone is at risk of contracting #coronavirus, no matter how young or healthy you are.
 
We all have a part to play in navigating this crisis, so if you aren’t an essential worker, #StayAtHome. https://t.co/fxaxSc5a4n
We've already taken action against dozens of businesses to stop them from price gouging necessary goods, and we will continue to hold them accountable.
 
If you see price gouging, report it to my office:
 
https://t.co/YJ9Qbbdi2S https://t.co/Fxe0oAhJ9f
@evansiegfried @CVSHealth Thanks for reporting this. Can you please tell us what location?
Thank you for doing the right thing.
 
We hope that other companies will follow your lead and ensure consumers are protected during this challenging time. https://t.co/jWzOLJNjZV
@timtango @officedepot Thank you for bringing this to our attention. We are looking into it.
@akahnnyc @TishJames @CMPeterKoo @NYCComptroller @nycpa @JumaaneWilliams Thank you for bringing this to our attention. We are looking into it.
It's imperative that we stay vigilant when it comes to companies &amp; individuals selling #coronavirus-related products &amp; services over the internet.
 
I encourage anyone with info related to these scam sites to report them to my office immediately:
 
https://t.co/5Te8Xoh9Wq
I sent letters to @GoDaddy &amp; several other online registrars to demand they halt and de-list domain names used for #coronavirus-related scams &amp; fake remedies.
 
These scam sites are not only stoking fear in the hearts &amp; minds of Americans but are profiting off their deception.
Multiple users have tried to sell fake items that claim to provide "immunity" to the #coronavirus or allow people to test for the disease, while others try to over-charge for items like hand sanitizer.
 
These fake products have no place in the marketplace that consumers trust.
I'm demanding Craigslist immediately remove posts that try to unlawfully profit off consumers' fears around the #coronavirus &amp; ensure the company has policies in place to stop scammers.

I won't hesitate to take action against those who use this crisis as a get-rich-quick scheme.
RT @NYGovCuomo: #BREAKING: I will sign an Executive Order mandating that 100% of workforce must stay home, excluding essential services.

T…
The #coronavirus is another reason why I'm calling on the Trump Admin to halt implementation of its Public Charge Rule.
 
We must protect the health &amp; wellbeing of all in this nation, not drive immigrant families away from accessing the health benefits &amp; coverage they need.
RT @NYGovCuomo: #BREAKING: NY, CT, NJ, and PA will temporarily close all barber shops, nail &amp; hair salons, tattoo shops, &amp; similar services…
New Yorkers are faced with a great predicament: ignore calls for social distancing to submit documents to court by a fixed deadline or abandon their right to seek justice all together. 

It's imperative that as we respond to this crisis, we also preserve the legal rights of all.
No one should have to choose between exercising their legal rights and jeopardizing their health. 

That’s why I’m calling to temporarily extend the statute of limitations across the board in New York during this pandemic.
RT @markpoloncarz: Price gouging is illegal no matter the circumstances. It is even worse in an emergency situation. If you are aware of pr…
This. Is. Unacceptable.
 
I will continue to remind my fellow New Yorkers that this kind of bigoted behavior will NOT be tolerated in our state.

I urge New Yorkers to report any suspected discrimination to my office.

https://t.co/5Te8XoyKNY https://t.co/iM3Zpj3qsU
RT @NYGovCuomo: NEW: Today we are mandating that 75% of the non-essential workforce MUST work from home.

We are taking this action to furt…
We’re hearing reports of scammers knocking on doors pretending to be from @CDCgov &amp; offering #COVID19 tests for a fee.
 
The @CDCgov is NOT knocking on doors. If you encounter these scammers, do not engage with them and please contact my office.
 
⬇️⬇️⬇️

https://t.co/5Te8Xoh9Wq
RT @NYGovCuomo: #BREAKING: NY, PA, CT, and NJ will temporarily close all indoor portions of retail shopping malls, amusement parks and bowl…
Effective immediately, emergency paid sick leave will provide New Yorkers who are sick or subject to quarantine/isolation and can't work due to the #coronavirus with the relief they deserve.

I'm grateful for my colleagues in Albany who got this done. https://t.co/QVqSUzqY0K
RT @NYGovCuomo: UPDATE: The federal government is sending a hospital ship to New York, the USNS Comfort.

The Comfort, which has about 1,00…
I won't allow businesses across our state to take advantage of New Yorkers through price gouging of necessary goods.

But I can't do it alone, your reports to my office are vital to helping us hold these businesses accountable.

Submit a complaint:
https://t.co/c4icvtavSJ
RT @NYCMayor: Grab-and-Go breakfast and lunch is available at the entrance of EVERY @NYCSchools building between 7:30 AM and 1:30 PM — ANY…
RT @NYStateofHealth: In response to Coronavirus, we have cancelled participation in ALL events, until further notice and announced a Specia…
RT @BPEricAdams: Thanks to New Yorkers' feedback, my office has submitted more than a dozen #COVID19 #pricegouging complaints to the @NewYo…
RT @NYCMayor: Today we’re making an urgent appeal: our health care system is bracing for what’s to come. We need every available medical pr…
RT @SteveBellone: I am announcing that Suffolk County residents can now sign up for SMS text updates through their mobile device to receive…
@thismyshow Thank you for bringing this to our attention. We’re looking into it.
Personal protective equipment like masks, gloves, gowns, &amp; eye protection are vital for our healthcare workers on the frontlines of this public health crisis, and we're running out.

As some of the states hit hardest, @MassAGO, @AGBecerra &amp; I called on the President to act now. https://t.co/zVT09fDovc
@kavitathinks Thank you for reaching out. Please use the link below to report price gouging:

https://t.co/c4icvts6Kh
Any New Yorker with non-medical or non-student debt owed to the State of New York and referred to my office may also apply to temporarily halt the collection of state debt.

Use the link below to fill out an application:
 
https://t.co/QntgE81iwY
Effective immediately, I'm temporarily halting the collection of state medical &amp; student debt owed to NYS that was referred to my office.
 
In this time of crisis, I won't add undue stress or saddle NYers with unnecessary financial burden, this is the time to support residents.
@AviSmolen @JumaaneWilliams @TishJames @AviSmolen, do you have any photos of the display or receipt that shows the price? Thank you.
RT @PatBurkeNY: .@NewYorkStateAG is monitoring potential incidents of price gouging of necessary goods and other exploitative scams during…
@AviSmolen @JumaaneWilliams @TishJames Thank you for bringing this to our attention. We are looking into it.
As we navigate this public health crisis, remember that we must do so as a community.
 
Check on your neighbors, especially seniors. Call to see if they need food, medication, or supplies.
 
We're at our best when we work as a team. #Coronavirus
A reminder to all New Yorkers that discrimination and acts of bigoted behavior related to #coronavirus or in any form will NOT be tolerated.
 
Report any suspected discrimination to my office:
 
https://t.co/jrEGk205AH
RT @NYGovCuomo: #BREAKING: NY, CT and NJ are taking joint regional action to reduce the spread of #COVID19:

Effective 8PM TONIGHT:

-Crowd…
@brynnCNN @NYCMayor @TishJames Thank you for bringing this to our attention. We are looking into it.
@elizabethstuart @NYCMayor @TishJames Thank you for bringing this to our attention. We are looking into it.
We continue to work diligently to protect New Yorkers by taking legal action against health scams and price gouging, but also by practicing social distancing because we know that is crucial to making us all safer right now.
My office is doing everything possible to protect all of our employees during this time. 

As of last week, we've expanded work from home and flexible schedules for every member of the Attorney General's Office across the entire state.
@tomwatson @Overstock @TishJames Thank you for reporting this. We will look into it.
It’s been a tough week for everyone, but I want to thank all those who are working tirelessly to keep us safe. 

First responders, those who are working in hospitals, stocking shelves with goods, cleaning our subway, taking care of our kids &amp; seniors &amp; so much more. 

Thank you.
@bradhoylman @laylaLawGisiko @Walmart Thank you for bringing this to our attention. We are looking into it now.
At a time of national crisis, the decision to stop the @USDA's rule that would deny food assistance to countless Americans is a win for common sense &amp; basic human decency.

I'll continue to fight to permanently prevent it from ever going into effect.

https://t.co/4c35PH5VbG
#BREAKING: A judge ruled in favor of my lawsuit w/@AGKarlRacine against the Trump Admin’s unlawful changes to SNAP, which would have denied over 700,000 Americans access to basic food assistance.

Millions rely on SNAP to eat &amp; this ruling is a huge victory for our entire nation.
Taking advantage of New Yorkers by price gouging necessary goods will NOT be tolerated.
 
If you see instances of price gouging, report it to my office and we will hold businesses accountable.
https://t.co/c4icvtavSJ
@hocuspocus8t Thank you for reporting this. We are looking into it.
Mr. Jones’ public platform has given him a microphone to shout inflammatory rhetoric, but these latest mistruths are incredibly dangerous &amp; pose a serious threat to the public health of our nation.
 
There is NO FDA-approved vaccine or treatment to prevent or cure #coronavirus.
Mr. Jones has been marketing &amp; selling toothpaste, dietary supplements, creams &amp; other products as treatments to prevent &amp; cure the #coronavirus.
 
He even fraudulently claims the US government has said his toothpaste "kills the whole SARS-corona family at point-black range."
I ordered Alex Jones to immediately stop selling &amp; marketing products as a treatment or cure for #coronavirus on his website.
 
If he doesn't cease &amp; desist these activities immediately, I won't hesitate to take legal action &amp; hold him accountable for the harm he’s caused.
Silver Edge claims that its Micro-Particle Colloidal Silver Generator is "clinically proven" to "beat coronavirus" &amp; Dr. Sellman has been marketing colloidal silver products as a cure.
 
There is no FDA-approved vaccine or treatment to prevent or cure #coronavirus.
I've ordered The Silver Edge company and Dr. Sherrill Sellman to immediately stop marketing and selling fraudulent treatments and cures for the #coronavirus.
 
I will go after any company that attempts to deceive the public, especially during this public health crisis.
This is a disgusting act of hate and there's no room for it in any corner of our city and entire state.

I want to be very clear: bigoted behavior will not be tolerated in New York, period.

https://t.co/qOst1HH0a7
This new policy will allow individuals the right to make this deeply personal decision without the government's unwarranted denial or without having their privacy violated.

NY won't allow an outdated policy to stop us from providing every individual with equal dignity &amp; respect.
Following a case brought on behalf of a brave transgender minor, we took action to enact a new policy in New York, effective immediately, that allows transgender minors to correct the sex designation on their birth certificates if they were born in New York State.
We will be vigilant to ensure we find &amp; stop such unlawful activity.

If you suspect frauds, scams, or price gouging, contact my office:

https://t.co/5Te8Xoh9Wq
We ordered Scheman &amp; Grant Hardware in Midtown &amp; City Fresh Market in Queens to immediately stop charging exorbitant prices for hand sanitizer &amp; disinfectant spray.

I won’t tolerate schemes or frauds that take advantage of our communities by exploiting public health concerns.
আপনাকে অবহিত করা নিশ্চিত করার জন্য এখানে কয়েকটি টিপস রয়েছে এবং আরও তথ্যের জন্য আমাদের ওয়েবসাইটটি দেখুন।

https://t.co/5Te8Xoh9Wq
যেহেতু আমরা করোনাভাইরাস এর আরও বেশিরভাগ কেস দেখতে পাচ্ছি, আমাদের স্বাস্থ্য সম্পর্কে সচেতন হওয়া গুরুত্বপূর্ণ এবং সেইসাথে বেআইনী অভিনেতাদের সম্পর্কেও সচেতন হওয়া উচিত যারা ভোক্তাদের কেলেঙ্কারী বা প্রতারণার চেষ্টা করতে পারে। https://t.co/fQy4Vuu8z9
Kòm nou wè plis ka pou malady Coronaviris la, li enpòtan pou nou konsyan de sante nou, epi tou okouran de aktè ki malonèt ki ka eseye tronpe oswa twonpe konsomatè yo.

Men kèk konsèy pou asire ou enfòme &amp; vizite sit entènèt nou an pou plis enfòmasyon.

https://t.co/5Te8Xoh9Wq https://t.co/bQxSUGIr4k
Вот несколько советов, гарантирующие, что вы располагаете верной информацией, а также для получения дополнительной информации, пожалуйста, посетите наш веб-сайт.

https://t.co/5Te8Xoh9Wq
Поскольку мы все больше узнаем о случаях заболевания #Коронавирусом, то важно помнить о своем здоровье, а также предостерегаться недобросовестных людей, пытающихся обмануть или вводить в заблуждение потребителей. https://t.co/eNjRq4AvUC
#코로나바이러스 사례가 늘어남에 따라, 건강에 유의하는 것은 물론, 소비자에게 사기를 치려고 하는 비양심적인 사람들도 조심하는 것이 중요합니다.

상황을 잘 파악하실 수 있도록 팁을 드립니다. 더 많은 정보는 저희 웹사이트를 방문해 주십시오.

https://t.co/5Te8Xoh9Wq https://t.co/ObeDAmdjT7
Thanks to the court, the president has been rebuffed in his attempt to cater to the one constituency he cares about: the gun lobby.

We must finally put an end to the senseless cycle of gun deaths that we’ve seen across our communities.
https://t.co/0mZTc8VRIf
@FrancineMorin @KeyFood Thank you for reaching out, please report potential instances of price gouging to my office: https://t.co/5Te8Xoh9Wq
当我们看到更多的冠状病毒 #Coronavirus病例时，注意我们的健康并认识不道德行为者可能会试图欺骗或欺瞒消费者是至关重要的。
 
以下是一些提示，可确保您了解情况并访问我们的网站以获取更多讯息。

https://t.co/5Te8Xoh9Wq https://t.co/hAS8OAliQu
Aquí hay algunos consejos para asegurarse de estar informado y visite nuestro sitio en línea para obtener más información.

https://t.co/5Te8Xoh9Wq
A medida que vemos más casos de #Coronavirus, es importante tener en cuenta nuestra salud y también tener en cuenta a las personas sin escrúpulos que pueden intentar estafar o engañar a los consumidores. https://t.co/P8BB3iOL5b
Taking advantage of a public health crisis by grossly inflating the costs of necessary goods &amp; products is unconscionable and we won't stand for it.

If you see any price gouging related to #coronavirus in New York, please report it to my office.
 
https://t.co/jrEGk205AH
Women are leaders, trailblazers, glass-ceiling breakers, and today and every day we celebrate just how strong we are and recommit to the fight for gender equality across the world.

We keep persisting for all the girls yet to come.

#InternationalWomensDay https://t.co/p2g58Fopi9
We demanded that the @JimBakkerShow stop marketing a product as a medical treatment for #coronavirus, as there’s no medicine available to prevent or cure it.
 
If you come across anyone marketing or selling bogus treatments or cures, contact my office.
 
https://t.co/5Te8Xoh9Wq https://t.co/WraQea0mvr
We’ve secured an injunction to block the Trump Admin’s efforts to allow 3D-printed ”ghost gun” files to be released on the internet.

We will continue to work to stop the Trump Admin from further facilitating the spread of gun violence across this nation.
As we see more cases of #Coronavirus, it's important to be mindful about our health, and also aware of unscrupulous actors who may try to scam or deceive consumers.
 
Here are some tips to ensure you’re informed &amp; visit our website for more information.
 
https://t.co/jrEGk205AH https://t.co/ne8MxNghGA
When consumers report fraud, we can take action and stop these bad actors dead in their tracks.

Here are the top 5 consumer-related complaints my office received in 2019 across New York and the entire nation. #NCPW2020 https://t.co/0dc4xIJNPa
We demanded @JimBakkerShow cease and desist marketing a product as a treatment for #coronavirus even though there’s no FDA-approved treatment or vaccine.

Preying on our health and safety is despicable and we won't stand for it.
https://t.co/pjUHNNcXIl
As we experience more cases of coronavirus, it is imperative that New Yorkers remain calm, but stay vigilant.

Beware of unscrupulous actors who try to deceive consumers, and if think you are the victim of a scam or predatory action, contact my office:

https://t.co/VM9TrqWZ3t
A judge has denied efforts by multiple opioid manufacturers &amp; distributors to push back our trial to expose their illicit misconduct.

On March 20th, the deadly scheme perpetrated by these companies will be presented in open court &amp; laid bare before the American people.
We took action in this case because in this nation women have a constitutional right to reproductive freedom, and New York will always defend that right. #MyRightMyDecision https://t.co/esuAy5TEFz
#BREAKING: We're suing the Trump Admin over their attempt to unlawfully divert $3.8 billion in taxpayer dollars to build an unauthorized border wall.

I will not stand for this abuse of power that puts every American at risk.
Proud to use the funds my office secured from settlements with banks to improve neighborhoods across Buffalo and all of New York.

Congratulations to the new homeowners! https://t.co/NEV9RnD0tf
Today, opponents of the @CFPB will attempt to undo years of financial &amp; consumer protections that have saved Americans hundreds of millions &amp; remedied countless abusive &amp; fraudulent actions.
 
We defended the @CFPB because it's made real positive change for consumers in America. https://t.co/hybavnCsgb
No-poach agreements are inherently unfair and restrict the ability of workers to obtain higher-paying jobs.

After a multistate investigation, we reached a settlement with @PopeyesChicken, @BurgerKing &amp; @TimHortons to end their use of no-poach agreements and empower workers.
The Trump Admin’s public charge rule is an egregious attempt to infringe upon the values of this country, and adversely impacts the heath &amp; wellbeing of all New Yorkers.

That's why we're in court today to fight back against this misguided rule.
 https://t.co/jtRjvM2Qvv
The #ACA has been the law of the land for a decade now &amp; despite efforts by President Trump, his Admin &amp; Congressional Republicans to take us backwards, we will not strip health coverage away from millions.

We look forward to defending the #ACA.
https://t.co/pErabu7WCI
From internet scams, to consumer service complaints, to housing issues &amp; more, consumers who report to our office are invaluable partners in our efforts to end scams &amp; stop fraudsters dead in their tracks.

If you think you're being scammed, let us know:

https://t.co/CQkePbYTbh
It's National Consumer Protection Week, and we released a report on our top 10 consumer frauds reported to our office in 2019.

My office will continue to use every tool at our disposal to protect New York consumers and protect our laws. #NCPW2020
https://t.co/hHCakt1bNR
Today and every day we recognize the women who fought tirelessly for a better future and commit to keeping up the fight for true equality across our nation and the globe.

Ladies, who run the world? #WomensHistoryMonth
The @EPA has a duty to protect New Yorkers and everyone across our nation from dirty air, no matter where it comes from.

That's why I joined a lawsuit to compel them to protect New Yorkers from dangerous air pollution coming from upwind states.
To close out #BlackHistoryMonth, I spent the morning speaking to the community of @HempsteadVill at their #BlackHistoryMonth breakfast reception.

Black history is American history and that's something we should celebrate every month. https://t.co/BVHKBlWeJp
Great morning at the Jericho Chamber of Commerce Breakfast on Long Island.

Thanks for having me! https://t.co/dCItsFpY3S
Lead poisoning in NYC is highest among children of color and children living in high-poverty neighborhoods, and it's completely preventable.
 
Homes should be a safe-haven for our children, not a toxic wasteland, and I will not stop fighting until this is true for all families.
I'm in the Bronx to announce a lawsuit against Chestnut Holdings management company for their failure to comply with lead poisoning prevention laws and prevent young children from being exposed to the highly toxic metals in lead paint in their apartments. https://t.co/2JxMCElhP8
My heart is heavy learning about the active shooter situation in Milwaukee. If you're in the area, follow @MilwaukeePolice for updates.

Senseless gun violence has no room in any corner of our nation.

https://t.co/7h26CbBe1i
This rule will strip our workers of the critical workplace protections they deserve &amp; shows the Trump Admin only cares about helping big businesses.
 
I’m leading a lawsuit to challenge this rule &amp; fight for workers across our nation.
https://t.co/eX34qIDOoU
We secured the conviction of a Niagara Falls taxi co. owner &amp; 4 employees for billing Medicaid for rides they never provided &amp; paying off Medicaid recipients.

Ordered to pay over $1.2M in restitution, these fraudsters' free-riding days have come to a screeching halt.
My office fought the Trump Admin's attempt to add a citizenship question to the #2020Census, and we won.

The #2020Census starts next month &amp; it's crucial that every New Yorker participate. Learn more and start to make a plan to be counted.

⬇️⬇️⬇️

https://t.co/E5GgoGsMZx
Following our investigation with @NYSComptroller &amp; @NYC_DOI, Anna Mendez has been sentenced for her role in a scheme that illegally used nonprofit funds for straw political donations.

Public corruption in any form will never be tolerated, period. https://t.co/wfp7aJ9ohD
Government should be a source of justice, not a vehicle for fraudulent practices.
 
We're taking action to ensure New York City is held accountable for its alleged actions.
https://t.co/FPyWaYuivA
The court has rejected the NRA's attempt to act as a set of virtual eyes &amp; ears &amp; interfere with our confidential law enforcement investigation.

We won't allow the NRA to control or intimidate witnesses or compromise the integrity of our investigation.
https://t.co/lHmpj4mY8k
In New York, we stand tall with all of our communities, and I stand tall with the @pridecenterSI in their fight to march in the Staten Island St. Patrick's Day Parade.

Our diversity is our strength and that includes our LGBTQ+ community.
Another judge has ruled that Mississippi cannot deny women access to safe, legal abortions.

I will continue to use every legal tool at my disposal to protect a woman's fundamental right to choose in this nation. https://t.co/qHrWmRwG6C
Honored to speak at the @CNYALF annual dinner in Syracuse this evening.

Unions are the backbone of New York and our entire nation, and I'm proud to fight for every New Yorker who's fought so hard for our state. https://t.co/c5TOs1DJfJ
In addition to the Southern Tier, I'm in Syracuse this afternoon to announce a $965,000 grant for the city as part of our Cities RISE Program.
 
These funds will be used to revitalize neighborhoods and increase our affordable housing stock in Syracuse and across all of New York. https://t.co/EjTuPrZbRT
NYC taxi drivers were sold on a promise that buying medallions would achieve the American Dream. Yet, NYC schemed &amp; defrauded these drivers, profiting off their backs &amp; leading them down a trapdoor of despair.
 
We're taking action to hold NYC responsible.
https://t.co/sGdRZmIHm3
I’m in Elmira today to provide over $1.5M in grants to Elmira &amp; Binghamton as part of our Cities RISE Program to expand affordable housing across New York.
 
We'll continue to use innovative tools to combat our housing crisis &amp; ensure every New Yorker has a safe &amp; decent home. https://t.co/36fzV3Hfu5
Air pollution from upwind states continues to threaten the health &amp; safety of New Yorkers, yet the @EPA refuses to enforce the law &amp; hold these states accountable. 

I'm joining yet another lawsuit against the @EPA to compel them to protect us from this dangerous pollution.
We sued against the Trump Admin's attempt to restrict NYers' access to Global Entry or any other Trusted Traveler Program because it's political retribution, plain &amp; simple.

As the chief law enforcement officer of NY, I will continue to vigorously defend the laws of our state.
Under these rules, faith-based providers will no longer be required to notify patients of their rights &amp; schools will have expanded religious exemptions under Title IX, giving them free rein to discriminate against students/faculty.
 
I'll do everything in my power to stop this.
The Trump Admin is trying to use religion as an excuse to roll back critical anti-discrimination protections for women, LGBTQ+ individuals, and survivors of sexual harassment &amp; violence.

Religion should never be used as a weapon to pit Americans against each other.
The Trump Admin’s repeated efforts to increase the requirements for asylum-seekers to seek refuge has endangered the lives of tens of thousands of individuals.

I'm fighting these efforts because the abuse of immigrants should never be used as political fodder.
Proud and humbled to speak at the @nytowns #AOT2020 breakfast this morning.

For 87 years, @nytowns has ensured that New York’s 932 towns have a seat at the table, and I'm committed to representing you each and every day to improve the lives of every New Yorker. https://t.co/VoHijNuwjj
Sending my deepest condolences to the family of Detective Paul Federico. Det. Federico dedicated his life to protecting our city &amp; we are all grateful for his service.

To the NYPD community, please know there are resources available to you:

646-697-2020
https://t.co/EjHihdQpqA
The uncertainty caused by the attempt to repeal the #ACA puts countless Americans in harm's way.

We're asking the Supreme Court to swiftly resolve the Repeal Lawsuit.
This study found that New York experienced the largest number of premature deaths from air pollution created outside the state in 2018.

We're leading the fight to cut the dangerous pollution that blows into New York and save lives in our state.
https://t.co/uXcrMtH0Ky
New York is one of the few states in the nation that bans surrogacy.
 
This outdated law has prevented countless people, especially the LGBTQ community &amp; those with fertility issues, from starting their own families.
 
It's time to legalize surrogacy &amp; support all NY's families.
I urged Congress to get this done earlier this week because it's long past time women in this nation receive equal treatment under the law.
 
I hope the Senate agrees.
https://t.co/VmtvNe3yf2
Today, my heart is in #Parkland.

Two years ago 17 innocent lives were lost to an act of senseless gun violence. Stand tall with the community impacted by this tragedy and honor them with action.

#ParklandStrong #NeverForget
When you stop violating the rights and liberties of all New Yorkers, we will stand down. 

Until then, we have a duty and responsibility to defend the Constitution and the rule of law. 

BTW, I file the lawsuits, not the Governor. https://t.co/tsOLeEgiQp
These defendants flooded our communities with dangerous guns and drugs that put all of us at risk.
 
We will continue to crack down on those who make a business trafficking firearms and putting our city and state in harm's way.
We took down a gun trafficking ring in the Bronx that was allegedly selling firearms, including assault weapons, high-capacity magazines, hundreds of rounds of ammunition &amp; dangerous narcotics.

There is zero tolerance for gun trafficking in New York. https://t.co/G6JnrYZmwf
Instead of providing a safe haven to asylum-seekers fleeing violence, President Trump &amp; his admin remain intent on imposing draconian measures that will send these immigrants back to the danger they came here to escape.

I'm fighting this abusive policy that endangers thousands.
I'm urging the @EPA to strengthen national emission standards for ethylene oxide, a known carcinogen &amp; one of the most hazardous air pollutants.
 
The EPA has a duty to protect New Yorkers &amp; everyone across the nation from dirty air. I'm going to hold them accountable.
RT @BrianLehrer: Tune in NOW: @NewYorkStateAG Letitia James joins us now to talk about her office's new lawsuit against the Trump administr…
Let's be clear: The president's attempt to restrict Trusted Traveler Programs for New Yorkers is political retribution that will harm hundreds of thousands across our state, including our travelers, workers, commerce &amp; economy.

That's why we sued to block this assault on NY. https://t.co/ccHxEerCGq
Women have been fighting for equal treatment under the law for their entire lives &amp; the last thing we need is for Congress to try to block the ratification of the #ERA.
 
I'm leading 20 AGs to urge Congress to remove any deadline for this critical measure &amp; finally get this done.
New Yorkers will not be held hostage by an Administration intent on restraining the sovereign rights of states, while it simultaneously enacts discriminatory policies across the country.

I will continue to vigorously defend the laws of our state.
#BREAKING I'm suing to block the Trump Admin from restricting Trusted Traveler Programs for NYers.
 
This will harm hundreds of thousands of NYers, our economy &amp; jeopardize public safety. No one should ever use our nation's security as a political weapon, let alone the President. https://t.co/hPVQUVtL4e
In less than 12 hours, two members of the #NYPD were ruthlessly attacked while on duty. 

We are all thankful that neither sustained life-threatening injuries and we continue to stand with the entire @NYPDnews community and pray for their full recovery.
Thankful that the @NYPDnews Officers involved in tonight’s attack in the Bronx are safe and will make a full recovery. 

These brave men and women put their lives on the line to protect our communities every day and this blatant attack on them will not be tolerated. https://t.co/hxyfzx4ROw
This is political retribution, plain and simple, and while the president may want to punish New York for standing up to his xenophobic policies, we’re not going to back down.
 
https://t.co/1NJX3vBvLv
In addition to Niagara Falls, we're presenting the Cities of Buffalo with $953K &amp; Rochester with $900K to address housing challenges all across Western NY.

We will continue to use funds that we secured from settlements with banks to combat the housing crisis across our state.
Throughout Western New York, families are struggling to find &amp; maintain quality affordable housing options.

As part of our Cities RISE program, I'm proud to present the City of Niagara Falls with over $882K to revitalize homes across their city and our state. https://t.co/UKUfUXFwcR
#BREAKING: We plan to sue the Trump Admin for unfairly targeting NYers with its new DHS policy restricting Global Entry.

The policy will negatively impact travelers, workers, commerce &amp; our economy, so we will fight the president’s shortsighted crusade against his former home.
Following a referral from @MinKwonCenter, we found NYC based Cathay Transportation was cheating workers out of overtime pay &amp; even failed to pay them minimum wage.

We secured $250K in back wages &amp; will monitor the company b/c every NYer is entitled to their fair share, period.
The Trump Admin is trying to implement rules that would allow them to unilaterally reshape immigration policies &amp; severely limit legal immigration to the US in ways that Congress never authorized.

We're fighting back to stop the president's continued assaults on immigrants.
Despite President Trump’s attempt to punish NYers for passing our own laws &amp; standing up to his xenophobic policies, we will not back down.

We will resist efforts that cut off our access to Global Entry or any other Trusted Traveler Program &amp; I will continue to defend NY laws.
Great #LunarNewYear event in Queens this evening with @MelindaKatz and @QueensBP2020.

Thanks for having me! #YearoftheRat https://t.co/9V0j97vn5C
The dangers of assault weapons &amp; high-capacity ammunition feeding devices can’t be overstated.

They put all of our communities at risk &amp; we will use every tool at our disposal to take these weapons off our streets and crackdown on those who illegally traffic them.
Following our investigation, we took down a gun trafficking ring that sold dozens of firearms, including assault weapons, high-capacity ammunition feeding devices &amp; over 1K rounds of ammunition on Long Island.

We won’t tolerate illegal firearms being trafficked in New York. https://t.co/PwkB3LX7oK
Deborah Batts was a champion for women, the LGBTQ community, and her dedication to justice will be missed in our nation.

My deepest condolences go out to her family and loved ones.
https://t.co/Gvk1wReAU4
When Rosa Parks refused to give up her bus seat, she set in motion one of the largest movements in history, the Montgomery Bus Boycott.

Happy Birthday to the mother of the civil rights movement and may she forever rest in power.
Black history is AMERICAN history, and this month we recognize the champions for justice that came before us.
 
Now, more than ever, I'm proud that as the AG of NY, I get to stand up for the Black community every day across this state &amp; around this nation. #BlackHistoryMonth
As National Human Trafficking and Slavery Prevention month comes to a close, and as the co-chair of the @NatlAssnAttysGn Human Trafficking Committee, know that New York is firmly committed to bringing human trafficking to an end in our country and around the globe.
As more information about the #coronavirus outbreak becomes clear, I'd like to remind NYers that my office will remain vigilant &amp; will not tolerate any acts of hate, discrimination, or practices that exploit our communities.

If you see something, we want to know:

1-800-771-7755
The ratification of the #ERA is long overdue, and women have waited too long for equal rights under the law.

I proudly stand with VA, NV, IL, and women across the nation, and I will be working with a coalition in support of this lawsuit.
https://t.co/zjqDK1gMar
We're announcing a settlement with Hornblower Cruises that allows for a new option in the dining cruise market in NYC.

Increased competition in the tourism industry will ensure better prices &amp; options for consumers, while providing more jobs &amp; boosting our local economy.
I've filed a lawsuit against the Trump Admin for attempting to raise the cost of abortion services under the #ACA.

This is just another attempt to control women's bodies &amp; make it harder for women to exert their constitutional right to an abortion, and we're fighting back.
Trump's @EPA is rolling back critical safeguards against explosions, fires, poisonous gas releases &amp; other accidents at facilities that store &amp; use toxic chemicals.

Over 9M NYers live, work &amp; play in the shadows of these facilities &amp; I won't let them be in harm's way: I'm suing.
Regardless of national origin, we all deserve to be treated with decency, but the president keeps using immigrants, including children, as political pawns.
 
I'm fighting to halt this admin's attempt to end the Flores Settlement Agreement &amp; undermine immigrant children's rights.
I'm taking legal action against several state restrictions in Missouri that would significantly curtail women's rights &amp; deny their ability to have safe, legal abortions.

We will not allow Missouri, nor any other state to control a woman's fundamental right to choose.
This program provides funding to local governments to address code enforcement policies and revitalize problem properties to create the kind of vibrant communities we all desire.

We know when we reduce blight, we can transform neighborhoods.
The foreclosure crisis was a challenging setback for families in Albany &amp; made it more difficult to find &amp; maintain quality affordable housing.

Today I'm proud to present the City of Albany with a $1M grant as part of our Cities RISE program to help revitalize homes across NY. https://t.co/4mGIEt8d92
Shkreli &amp; Vyera not only enriched themselves, but held this critical drug hostage from patients &amp; competitors as they illegally sought to maintain their monopoly.

We won’t allow anyone to manipulate the market and line their pockets at the expense of vulnerable patients.
We're suing 'Pharma Bro' Martin Shkreli &amp; Vyera Pharma for illegally monopolizing the market of the life-saving drug Daraprim.

We filed this lawsuit w/@FTC to end Vyera’s conduct, make the company return illegal profits &amp; ban Shkreli from working in the pharma industry again.
Today, marks 75 years since the liberation of Auschwitz.
 
Today &amp; every day, #WeRemember the millions of Jews who were murdered &amp; countless more impacted.
 
We'll continue to take real action to protect the Jewish community &amp; all our communities #NeverAgain #HolocaustMemorialDay
We filed this lawsuit because 3D-printed guns endanger every single one of us.

We will continue to fight to stop the Trump Admin from further facilitating the spread of gun violence across our nation.
https://t.co/oEa0HaPv8X
We’ve blocked an attempt by anti-choice activists to threaten, harass &amp; prevent women from entering a Rochester @PPFA by enforcing a ”buffer zone.”

We will always defend a woman's fundamental right to choose in New York and our entire nation.
Happy #LunarNewYear to all who celebrate!

I wish you all a joyous celebration with your family and loved ones, and may the year of the rat be filled with health and prosperity.
We won’t let the Trump Administration hold women hostage with threats to deny funding for reproductive health care.
 
New York stands with California. 

New York stands with women. 

New York will always fight to protect a woman's fundamental right to choose. https://t.co/5JztgUEETH
Across New York, landlords, rental agents &amp; brokers post ads specifying that they will not accept vouchers or housing assistance - an act that is blatantly unlawful &amp; discriminatory.

We launched a portal so NYers can help us hold bad actors accountable:
https://t.co/hbmsd3FRbV
These “ghost guns” are unregistered, untraceable, often undetectable, and risk the lives of every American.
 
We’re filing this lawsuit to stop the Trump Admin from catering to the gun lobby and further facilitating the spread of gun violence in our nation.
#BREAKING: I'm suing the Trump Admin to challenge its efforts to allow 3D-printed gun files to be released on the internet.

These files allow anyone to simply go online and download files to print and assemble guns, including assault rifles.
RT @Hunter_College: “Scholars and graduates, today you are the daughters and sons of a proud legacy, and I know that you will take it to ev…
RT @DavidBuchwald: Thank you @NewYorkStateAG for your strong statement in favor of making sure New York State maintains the ability for vig…
The Trump Admin’s reckless ‘Dirty Water’ rule will result in more pollution, more flooding &amp; more harm to wildlife in New York &amp; across our nation.

We will fight back against their continued assault on our nation’s core public health &amp; environmental laws.
https://t.co/BVVa60dyPS
The @CFPB was created to enforce consumer protection laws and ensure that consumers could never again be so egregiously defrauded, deceived, or misled by private companies.

I’m urging the Supreme Court to preserve the CFPB &amp; ensure critical consumer protections aren't reversed.
I'm defending NY's "Boss Bill," a law that ensures that no employer can impose their own personal beliefs on their employees &amp; discriminate against them for making a reproductive health decision.

We won't let employers roll back the clock &amp; infringe upon the rights of NYers.
We're fighting in the Supreme Court to defend protections for asylum-seeking immigrants under the expedited removal process.

This administration's attacks on immigrants put real lives at risk and we won't stand for it.
The @USOCC is proposing a rule to undermine states’ efforts to prevent predatory lenders from taking advantage of consumers by charging high interest rates on loans &amp; bypassing laws already in place.

Protecting big banks over vulnerable communities is absurd: we're opposing.
47 years ago #RoevWade was made the law of the land, giving women a right to safe, legal abortions.

I've taken legal action to keep clinics open across our nation, sued the Trump Admin to protect Title X funding &amp; will continue to fight to protect a woman's right to choose.
Day after day, President Trump makes false statements, sends misleading tweets &amp; spouts outright lies about the #ACA &amp; the many protections it's provided to millions.
 
Our coalition will never stop fighting to protect access to affordable health care for American families.
Every day, New Yorkers across our state are breathing unhealthy air caused by upwind smog pollution and every day, Trump's @EPA ignores the problem and does nothing.

We are using every legal tool available to ensure they follow the law and take measures to reduce pollution.
Today we honor and remember Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. and everything he fought for.

Dr. King dedicated his life to a better, more equitable world, and we all have a duty to keep working towards his dream. #MLKDay
As long as this administration continues to attempt to strip away access to affordable health care from millions of Americans across our nation, I will continue to use every tool at my disposal to prevent them from dismantling the #ACA.
Denying access to vital SNAP benefits would only push hundreds of thousands of already vulnerable Americans into greater economic uncertainty, including tens of thousands of New Yorkers.

That's why we are suing against this @USDA SNAP rule.
 
https://t.co/rrGBpHx4MC
Women across our nation are coming together to make their voices heard and show the world how much of a force we are.

I'm standing tall with all of my sisters at the #WomensMarch today.
While we pursue our lawsuit against ICE to halt illegal arrests in &amp; around state courthouses, we're leading a coalition in support of a WA lawsuit to stop the Trump Admin’s attempt to target &amp; intimidate immigrant communities.

We won't stand for endangering our public safety. https://t.co/9IJbgKmTh0
The @EPA is continuing to ignore its legal responsibility under the Clean Air Act to control upwind sources of smog that contribute to 2/3 of New Yorkers regularly breathing unhealthy air.

We won't allow the federal government to trivialize the law: I'm suing.
RT @LegalAidNYC: Our clients struggle to make ends meet on a daily basis. #SNAP benefits play a critical role in helping them survive, miti…
RT @BPEricAdams: The Trump administration’s war on food stamp recipients is cruel, inhumane, and indefensible. We must stand up against the…
Despite what the president may tweet, all he wants to do is strip health care away from 133 million Americans with pre-existing conditions &amp; make it harder for our youth to obtain coverage.

A wide-ranging &amp; diverse group of orgs is joining our fight today to protect the #ACA.
.@AGKarlRacine &amp; I are leading a coalition of 15 states to challenge this rule, which circumvents Congressional authority, will harm states’ economies &amp; have ripple effects across our communities.

This assault on vulnerable people is cruel to its core &amp; we won’t allow it.
#BREAKING: We are suing the Trump Admin’s @USDA for unlawful changes to SNAP that will deny over 700,000 Americans access to basic food assistance.
 
Millions of people rely on SNAP to eat &amp; this new rule will have devastating impacts on New Yorkers &amp; people across the country.
As part of our Cities RISE program, we're providing over $8M in grants to 10 cities throughout New York to develop strategic programs to address housing challenges.

These funds will help revitalize homes and expand affordable housing across our state.
Justice, peace, righteousness.

On Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.'s 91st birthday, so many of us continue to strive to complete the work he started.

Happy birthday, and may you continue to rest in power. #MLK91 https://t.co/btnxbYGdn7
RT @CSSNYorg: .@NewYorkStateAG deserves praise for looking into this issue and asking the #NYPD to produce data on #fareevasion arrests and…
I'm launching an investigation into the NYPD to determine if officers have illegally targeted communities of color on NYC subways through enforcement of fare evasion laws.
 
If NYers have been targeted because of the color of their skin, we will not hesitate to take legal action.
RT @BrooklynDA: Rising property values in our borough has made longtime residents the target of scammers trying to steal their homes from u…
The President &amp; his admin continue to make every attempt to deny immigrants the ability to build a life for themselves in this nation, this time trying to obstruct asylum seekers from applying for work permits.

I'm opposing this attempt to push legal immigrants into the shadows.
Proud to join Long Island to march against anti-Semitism to reject these despicable acts of hate here and across our entire state.

We will continue to march and take real action to bring this form of hate to an end. https://t.co/ezFeSkBGtU
Thanks to all the groups and hundreds of volunteers who came out yesterday to launch our deed theft day of action and #ProtectOurHomes. https://t.co/medv85HD7m
Today, @AGIowa Tom Miller becomes the longest-serving AG in the history of our nation.

For over 37 years, AG Miller has led the way in consumer protection, spearheaded historic cases in our nation, and most importantly, upheld the rule of law.

A big congratulations from NY!
We started off in Bed-Stuy, knocking on doors &amp; talking directly with constituents.

Our team of volunteers will be visiting several communities to educate them about ways they can protect their most precious asset &amp; avoid becoming a victim of deed theft. #ProtectOurHomes https://t.co/XH7Rq13afr
RT @nycpa: Thank you to @NewYorkStateAG and all who came together today to help #ProtectOurHomes and our neighbors from deed theft and bad…
RT @SenatorMyrie: Almost half of NYC complaints about deed theft came from Brooklyn.

Today, we're in #SD20 with @NewYorkStateAG Tish James…
If you believe you're a victim of deed theft or that someone is trying to scam you, my office wants to know:

✉️ deedtheft@ag.ny.gov

☎️ 800-771-7755

💻 https://t.co/CPlkW6rgdv
Along with our canvass, I'm also announcing real actions to help #ProtectOurHomes.

We launched a hotline &amp; web portal for potential victims &amp; created an interagency task force with NYC DA's &amp; the NYC Sherriff’s office to coordinate law enforcement responses. https://t.co/YjrU0ttroX
RT @32BJSEIU: Proud to be in Bed-Stuy for the launch of the #ProtectOurHomes canvass campaign with @NewYorkStateAG to fight for protections…
These scams are known as deed theft, and homeowners in Central Brooklyn, especially people of color &amp; seniors, have been targeted by bad actors who try to forge signatures on deeds or trick vulnerable people into signing over their deeds to steal their homes.
We're in Bed-Stuy to launch our #ProtectOurHomes canvass campaign with local orgs &amp; elected officials.

Hundreds of volunteers are training to canvass &amp; educate our neighbors about how they can protect themselves from being scammed into signing over ownership of their homes. https://t.co/bkKdikUDUy
We're forcing Vision Property Management to pay consumer's $600K in restitution, wipe clean debts on 58 NYers homes &amp; cease business operations in NY after engaging in deceptive &amp; illegal business practices.

@NYDFS &amp; I will continue to hold deceptive companies accountable.
On #LawEnforcementAppreciationDay, we thank the brave men and women who put their lives on the line every single day to keep us safe. As the top law enforcement official in New York, I'm proud of the work we do to enforce the rule of law and protect all of our communities.
The Trump Admin’s attempt to overturn the nationwide block of their Public Charge rule has been DENIED.
 
The rule is dangerous, disruptive, and unlawful. We will continue to fight against it. https://t.co/Ot6Mlef1jl
Roe v. Wade has been the law of the land for 47 years &amp; despite attempts across the nation to undermine this national precedent, we won't go backwards.

I'm supporting a lawsuit challenging laws in Arkansas that restrict a woman’s access to safe, legal abortions.
The people of Puerto Rico have been through so much already, but they're resilient.

New York will continue to provide real support and stand strong with our brothers and sisters as they endure another natural disaster.
 
https://t.co/Coca328hH2
I thank the women and men of The Spotted Pig for their bravery, their voices, and their unwavering commitment to ensuring a safe, harassment-free workplace.

In New York, we won't tolerate sexual harassment of any form in the workplace. #TimesUp
For years, The Spotted Pig allowed a work environment where Friedman &amp; other celebrity customers regularly made sexually explicit comments &amp; gestures toward staff members. This includes forcibly kissing employees and pressuring them to send nude photographs.
We reached a settlement for 11 former employees of NYC restaurant The Spotted Pig after finding owner Ken Friedman subjected employees to severe incidents of unwanted touching &amp; sexual advances.

The survivors will get $240K &amp; a 10-year profit share from the restaurant. #MeToo https://t.co/pQ9UeuqVjh
Trump's Public Charge rule will only put countless people in harm’s way, sowing fear &amp; chaos into the lives of immigrants &amp; adversely impacting the health &amp; wellbeing of NYers.

Today, we’re in court to defend the nationwide injunction blocking this baseless and harmful rule.
I have always admired @MelindaKatz's commitment to fairness, equity, and commonsense second-chance reforms.

As the first woman to be elected Queens District Attorney, I am confident she will be an outstanding guardian of justice for all. https://t.co/cM3KttpAMG
Starting today, NY employers can no longer ask job applicants to provide wage or salary history as a condition of employment.

My bill banned these questions in NYC &amp; I'm proud to see the entire state move one step closer to closing the gender pay gap.

https://t.co/Eh8MllGdhe
The Affordable Care Act has been the law of the land for a decade now and despite efforts by President Trump, his Administration, and Congressional members to take us backwards, we will not strip health coverage away from millions of Americans.
https://t.co/c7HCoHQJfn
I'm honored to join the town of @NorthHempstead today to witness the inauguration of some of the finest elected officials representing Nassau County.

I look forward to your continued leadership and our continued partnership in the year ahead. https://t.co/CF641FkIoA
In New York, we refuse to accept any kind of anti-Semitism or hate. There is no room for fear for any of our beautiful and diverse communities.

Today, we marched across the Brooklyn Bridge to reject this ugly form of hate. #NoHateNoFear https://t.co/6LUnzAZJwB
The @BuffaloBills are off to a great start tonight, finish strong! 

I’m rooting for you. #GoBills
.@CountyExecBello has been a champion for Monroe County since day one.

I know as County Executive, Adam will work tirelessly to ensure the people of Monroe County are always put first, and I look forward to working with him in the years to come. https://t.co/JsDVsyx5PN
We're asking the Supreme Court to review a decision that the individual mandate of the #ACA is unconstitutional.
 
The uncertainty around this could harm the health of millions &amp; we aren't going to allow the President &amp; his Republican allies to dismantle the #ACA piece by piece. https://t.co/3wioWThlrI
RT @bradlander: Our @NewYorkStateAG @TishJames welcomes @CBEBK Rabbi @RTimoner to African-American Clergy &amp; Elected Officials breakfast, wh…
Countless New Yorkers of all backgrounds came together tonight at @MtSinaiShul to come up with real solutions to combat anti-Semitism. 

In NY we treasure diversity and champion inclusion, not hate or intolerance. We have a duty to ensure every New Yorker feels safe &amp; protected. https://t.co/01qVyrdKrn
I know @madelinesingas will continue to be the kind of DA our state needs at the local level to defend the rule of law and protect the rights of the people of Nassau County.
 
I look forward to continuing our work together in the years ahead to deliver justice to New Yorkers. https://t.co/qxVlB4S9xB
The recent rise in acts of hate across New York is plainly unacceptable, and we must take action to bring them to an end.

If you've been the victim of a hate crime, or have seen one take place, report it to my office:

1-800-771-7755
RT @galeabrewer: Tonight: Join @RepEspaillat, community leaders, and me for a town hall on how to combat the epidemic of anti-Semitism that…
Wishing New Yorkers and everyone across our nation a happy and healthy New Year.

Looking forward to another productive year in 2020.
Since his earliest days in office, @markpoloncarz has been a champion for the people of Erie County and I know he will continue to be the kind of steady leader we need in Western New York to advance our state.

I'm honored to witness your swearing in today, County Executive. https://t.co/ILJe3UszxV
1 year ago, I made a commitment to use every tool at my disposal to protect NYers, and we’ve done just that.

We challenged the President &amp; his admin, funded millions for affordable housing &amp; held bad actors on Wall Street accountable.

It's been an honor to serve you, New York. https://t.co/TTdJT7O37Q
We must do everything in our power to address this very serious problem, and in turn, advance our collective values, foster understanding &amp; mutual respect, and make sure that every New Yorker in every community feels safe &amp; protected.
I convened an emergency meeting at @JCCRockland to speak with the Jewish community about concrete steps we can take to end this rise of anti-Semitism in New York.

I'm creating a Hate Crimes Unit in my office to take action against those who commit these acts of hate. https://t.co/E9P7qZSzlD
Today I met with Rabbi Rottenberg to discuss how we can combat anti-Semitism across our state following the attack in his home in Monsey.

We stand with the Jewish community today and every day, and we will not rest until these acts of hate come to an end. https://t.co/LnHcHBfzmb
I'm proud to have participated in @stevebellone's swearing in today.

Steve has done great work for the people of Suffolk County and I know he will continue to be a great leader as County Executive.
https://t.co/zHWrQbaQOY
While the president and his Administration continuously look for new ways to intimidate immigrants and punish New York’s sovereign status, we will continue fighting to ensure justice and public safety for all New Yorkers.

https://t.co/xI8BzTeYLG
John Lewis has been a fighter and a hero his entire life.

He has always stood strong for the people of this nation and tonight we stand strong with him. Wishing you a speedy recovery, my friend.
https://t.co/iOmMh8UjyB
I am deeply disturbed by the situation unfolding in Monsey, New York tonight. 

There is zero tolerance for acts of hate of any kind and we will continue to monitor this horrific situation.  

I stand with the Jewish community tonight and every night.
The Trump Admin’s @EPA is seeking to reverse regulations that are critical to protecting the health of our water.
 
Repealing the Clean Water Act ignores science and will only put our nation’s waters and our communities in harm’s way. 

I’m suing.
 
https://t.co/SgrWXMlrp9
The #ACA’s contraceptive mandate has helped women maintain autonomy over their own reproductive choices, and we won't go backwards and let the federal government undo all the progress that's been made.

We submitted a brief to defend women's full &amp; equal access to birth control.
Happy #Kwanzaa to all who celebrate. Tonight, we begin this weeklong holiday that celebrates and honors the beautiful culture &amp; traditions of African Americans, heritage that has enriched every aspect of our country. May your celebration be filled with community and love.
The sharp increase in anti-Semitic hate crimes is alarming, especially during Hanukkah. No one should be afraid to walk the streets of New York based on their religious identity.
 
We are better than this.
 
https://t.co/RcOUvurb6M
A very Merry Christmas to everyone celebrating today!

May you have a joyous day with your family and all of those you love.
From preserving our environment, to standing up for consumers, to safeguarding our civil rights and beyond, we were busy in 2019.

See our annual report below for highlights of our key actions this year.

https://t.co/xIo77MgBW3
Happy #Hanukkah to all who begin celebrating tonight.
 
May these eight days be filled with light and happiness as you spend time with your family, friends, and loved ones.
 
Chag Sameach!
We found @Starbucks illegally required their employees to find a substitute when using sick leave &amp; if they couldn't, they faced discipline, including termination.

This is a blatant violation of our laws, and @NYCMayor and I held them accountable.
 https://t.co/Bx9r4SLwhW
The @EPA is trying to ignore science and strip our nation's waters of basic protections.

I'm leading a multistate lawsuit to fight against these rollbacks because access to clean water is a fundamental right for New Yorkers and all Americans.
The Trump Admin has issued a rule that will bar people, many of whom are fleeing violence &amp; persecution, from seeking asylum in the US and send them to third countries instead.
 
This rule is antithetical to our nation’s values, and I’m opposing it.
Our state judicial system cannot properly function with the interference of ICE in our courthouses.

Today's ruling ensures we will get our day in court to fight for justice and public safety for all New Yorkers.
https://t.co/1Yn6iVdNRL
We won't allow anyone to get away with denying hard-working New Yorkers their wages or cheat New York by fraudulently obtaining tax breaks.
 
I'm proud to have helped recover and deliver the payment these workers should have received long ago. https://t.co/ntZlcVhTHe
Following our settlement, we secured over $400K in recovered wages for building service workers who were cheated out of their hard-earned money.

I'd like to thank @NYCComptroller &amp; @kyle32bj for their partnership in ensuring the workers of New York get the pay they deserve. https://t.co/l9GpR2uEqc
Thanks to everyone who joined @bradhoylman and me tonight @GC_CUNY for our town hall to discuss issues impacting New Yorkers.

Your engagement is critical to our ability to best serve the people of New York. https://t.co/bn7FvnKACA
We're opposing a @forestservice rule that would strip Alaska's Tongass National Forest from protections against road construction &amp; timber harvesting.

The rule will endanger wildlife &amp; undermine state efforts to mitigate the impacts on climate change.
 
We won't stand for it.
The Worst Landlords List is a critical tool to expose bad landlords &amp; hold them accountable for the horrible conditions they force New Yorkers to live in.
 
Thanks to @NYCPA for continuing the legacy of this list &amp; our commitment to protecting tenants. https://t.co/vylKFCEdp3
We will continue to do everything in our power to protect survivors and ensure hospitals abide by this crucial law.
 
If you’ve been wrongly billed for these tests, please know that my office is here to help support and protect you.
 
800-428-9071
Billing sexual assault survivors for rape kits is illegal.
 
After we discovered that hospitals in NY were wrongfully billing survivors for these tests, we took legal action to hold them accountable &amp; ensure these survivors were taken care of.
 
https://t.co/CR8RMUeDjw
My office took action to fight this ban because women have a constitutional right to safe, legal abortions.

We will continue to defend against these attacks on reproductive healthcare across our nation.
https://t.co/Ncj1rmuhMl
Seven years ago the shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School forever changed the lives of countless families and our entire nation.
 
Today we honor and remember the lives that were lost and stand with every family and individual who was impacted by that tragic day. #SandyHook
The Green Light law is legal &amp; enforceable &amp; now a second court has dismissed meritless claims against it.

We expect all public officials to comply with the law. As the state's chief law enforcement officer I’ll continue to vigorously defend it.
https://t.co/6rzuLIK3hr
Join me for a town hall with @bradhoylman to discuss issues impacting New Yorkers this Monday, December 16 at 6:30PM at the @GC_CUNY.

RSVP is required and space is limited. Sign up here: https://t.co/5EVqI9Uaw8 https://t.co/zqhiXNZ6WI
For decades, tipped workers have been protected by the "80/20 Rule," which ensures workers spend at least 80% of their work time doing tip-eligible work.

We're opposing the Trump Admin's @USDOL attempt to eliminate this rule which would only deny workers the wages they deserve.
We've secured $16M for NYS from a ring of companies for illegally sending misleading &amp; unauthorized magazine &amp; newspaper subscription notices to consumers across the nation.

The subscription to New Yorkers’ hard-earned money is cancelled for these deceptive companies.
A Brooklyn man has been convicted of cheating investors out of hundreds of thousands of dollars &amp; trying to cover up his crimes by moving funds into cryptocurrency.

My office will not allow white collar criminals to get away with defrauding innocent victims, period.
The courts have rejected the president’s attempt to divert critical military spending for his unnecessary and illegal border wall.

The president's abuse of power and attack on immigrants will not stand because no one is above the law.
Thanks to @GretaThunberg, our youth has created a global movement centered around raising awareness of the climate crisis our planet faces.

I’m grateful for your hard work and persistence, Greta. https://t.co/XcfN58Qs0j
While the news about this Kentucky law is disappointing, we are still taking action to fight to protect a woman's constitutional right to safe, reproductive healthcare and will continue to do so.

https://t.co/wpAcrScCKD
My heart goes out to the families of the officer and civilians who tragically lost their lives in today's shooting in Jersey City and I'm praying for a speedy recovery to those who were injured.

All of New York stands tall with you tonight.
Not only has the Trump Foundation shut down for its misconduct, but the president has been forced to pay the court-ordered $2M for misusing charitable funds for his own political gain.
 
These damages speak to the president’s abuse of power. No one is above the law.
RT @PAAttorneyGen: “Can states save the country?”
 
We’re sure trying, right @NewYorkStateAG? 🙌 Can’t wait to see you tomorrow #IWSSFest ht…
I'm proud that my office is the top defender of environmental protections against actions by the Trump Administration.

We've taken 129 legal actions to hold this admin accountable, defend the environment &amp; protect the health of New Yorkers.

⬇️⬇️⬇️

https://t.co/wfqVT0f9pn
The megamerger of T-Mobile and Sprint would reduce competition in the mobile marketplace and be bad for consumers, bad for workers, and bad for innovation.

We simply must protect consumers from unchecked corporate dominance.

https://t.co/gVyXLUWEvt
The @FTC needs to strengthen its rules on digital marketing companies’ ability to collect personal data from children.

Collecting this data puts children at risk &amp; we won't sit idly by while big corporations take advantage of our most vulnerable.

I'm taking action.
While Trump's @EPA ignores science, law &amp; common sense by allowing Chlorpyrifos, an extremely dangerous pesticide, to contaminate our foods at unsafe levels, we're urging the court to force them to ban it.

I'll continue to force the EPA to do its job &amp; protect the people of NY.
I'm urging the @FTC to adopt greatly needed regulations to protect consumers against deceptive marketing practices.

Deceptive marketing hurts all of us, and we need the FTC to use their power to stop marketers from targeting consumers.
Too many unscrupulous landlords have gotten away with horrific forms of tenant harassment that put people in harm's way. 

This week, NY enacted a new law that will finally give prosecutors the tools needed to prevent this kind of abuse &amp; protect tenants.

https://t.co/ao6aH0TJju
The Trump Admin is continuing its tradition of turning its back on hardworking Americans.

The @USDOL is proposing a rule that would force employees working overtime to work longer shifts &amp; for less pay. 

Taking advantage of workers is unacceptable. I'm urging them to rescind it
For the second time in as many weeks, there has been a hateful symbol drawn on the grounds of the Holocaust Memorial and Tolerance Center in Glen Cove, LI. 

I am deeply troubled and saddened that hateful acts continue to shock our communities. We are better than this. https://t.co/rDl96L7m9g
We filed a lawsuit against a private equity fund manager for allegedly defrauding investors &amp; using over $13M to enrich himself &amp; his failing companies.

Make no mistake: there is no safe haven for white collar fraudsters in NY &amp; we will pursue those who try to abuse the system.
Chester &amp; Orange County officials have publicly discussed their plans to keep Hasidic Jews out of their town &amp; imposed unnecessary actions to prevent them from moving there – clear violations of our laws &amp; values.

This will not be tolerated.
The Town of Chester &amp; Orange Co have allegedly engaged in a campaign to stop members of the Jewish community from moving to Chester by blocking the construction of a housing development.
 
Not on my watch: I'm intervening in a lawsuit to fight these clear acts of anti-Semitism.
Our office works to ensure your donations reach their intended charities &amp; help further their mission.

We're urging all NYers to be careful &amp; report suspicious entities to our office:

https://t.co/jWZ9iL6QzS
We monitor charity orgs in NY &amp; compile an annual report about fundraising campaigns &amp; where NYers’ donations go.

In 2018, we found over $1.3B was raised for charities, but nearly 1/3 went to professional fundraisers rather than the charities.

⬇️More⬇️

https://t.co/jiwyYBW86W
Safe, habitable housing should be a right for every New Yorker, and I will continue to fight to ensure NYCHA and every landlord in this state lives up to that standard, period. https://t.co/2zYMuobx4Z
New Yorkers give generously to charitable causes and if you're able, #GivingTuesday is a great opportunity to do so.
 
Before you donate, take the time to do your research. Use the tips below and if you have any issues, contact my office.

https://t.co/YB67CZWUqH
While Roe v. Wade has been the law of the land for 45+ years, states continue to attempt to restrict access to safe, legal abortions.

I'm fighting in the Supreme Court to ensure women across the nation aren't denied their constitutionally-protected right to reproductive freedom. https://t.co/Pk75wKOWZ9
NYCHA residents have been forced to suffer through record winters with significant heat &amp; hot water outages and NYCHA has failed to act.

I'm supporting a tenants' class action lawsuit against NYCHA because safe, habitable housing should be a right for every New Yorker.
I’d like to thank @NYGovCuomo, @LizKrueger, and @assemblymanjoe for helping me to ensure that our most vulnerable tenants will be protected.
From being exposed to hazardous materials to having heat &amp; water shut off, tenants will no longer have to meet an unreasonably high bar to show that they are being harassed.

Instead, we will ensure that landlords will face justice when they subject tenants to unsafe conditions.
For too long, unscrupulous landlords have gotten away w/subjecting rent-regulated tenants to dangerous &amp; inhumane conditions to try &amp; force them out of their homes.

With today's signing of my bill, tenants will have the expanded protections from landlord harassment they deserve.
Purdue Pharma is trying to pay its CEO a multimillion-dollar bonus.

Every available penny Purdue has should be invested in opioid treatment, rehab &amp; recovery, not on further lining the pockets of corporate millionaires who show no remorse for their actions.

We’re fighting this.
A Brooklyn man has been arrested &amp; charged for allegedly stealing a 90-year-old's identity to cash thousands of dollars in forged money orders.

Identity theft is one of the most personal crimes someone can commit &amp; we will prosecute those who take part in this shameless scheme.
While we won the fight to ensure a question about citizenship won’t be on the census, we still have a lot of work to do to ensure everyone is counted. 
 
From federal funding to representation in Congress, our democracy depends on an accurate count.

Make sure you’re counted.
This #WorldAIDSDay, we remember those we’ve lost and continue to stand in solidarity with those living with HIV and AIDS across the globe.

Today and every day, we must continue to work to bring an end to this epidemic.
From scrapping limits for dangerous methane emissions that pollute our air to allowing deadly chemicals to contaminate our food, this admin's @EPA just isn't doing its job.

My office will continue to take action to protect the health of NYers &amp; the people across our nation.
Over 1/2 of young @JUULvapor users, including minors, were using JUUL without evening knowing it contained nicotine, a highly addictive chemical.

We filed a lawsuit to hold JUUL accountable for deceptive marketing that targeted our youth and unknowingly hooked them on nicotine. https://t.co/AlpLyjbNj7
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone celebrating in New York and across the nation.

May you have an enjoyable day with family and friends and remember all that we have to be thankful for.
Liberian immigrants contribute greatly to the economy and culture of New York and this nation.

I'm proud to join a coalition to push back against the Trump Admin's attempts to terminate Deferred Enforced Departure &amp; protect these long-term residents who call our nation home. https://t.co/UgvucDes3j
We must face the facts, if we don't take the necessary steps to combat climate change we will continue to face new climate catastrophes.

That's why I’m opposing the @EPA‘s attempts to gut critical regulations that limit these emissions.
https://t.co/kl4PY2QGqi
Tune into @InsideCityHall tonight at 7PM. I’ll be talking with @errollouis about my first year as Attorney General and all the work we’ve been doing to protect communities across New York.
Trans’ rights are human rights, and we will fight for equal protection under the law for every community.

That's why we're supporting a lawsuit against the Gloucester County School Board in VA for banning a student from using the restroom in line with their gender identity.
The Trump Admin’s SALT tax reform has already put a heavy burden on the hard working, middle class families of NY &amp; could cost NYers over $100 billion in the years ahead.
 
@NYGovCuomo and I are appealing and will continue to fight against this senseless, unconstitutional law.
NYers can rest assured that National Grid's moratorium is finally over.

I'm grateful @NYGovCuomo pushed them to do the right thing, but my office will continue to closely monitor National Grid &amp; service providers across NY to ensure consumers have access to fair service.
Over 4 years, we've seen a public health crisis develop in our nation due to our youth becoming addicted to nicotine through e-cigarettes.

I'm taking action against @JUULvapor to curb this crisis and protect our youth before it's too late. https://t.co/po7c01eh4N
National Grid's moratorium continues to have a profound effect on individuals, small businesses, and New York’s economy.

New Yorkers harmed by National Grid’s actions deserve an explanation and I urge anyone impacted to file a complaint with my office:

https://t.co/lE27Q24YJY
The @EPA continues to act recklessly in the face of climate change.

This time they want to gut the current standards that limit the largest industrial source of methane emissions: facilities in the oil &amp; natural gas industry.

Not on my watch. We're opposing.
Today’s decision is a big win in our efforts to ensure that justice is served and that no person - including elected officials - is above the law.  

We look forward to continuing this case and ensuring that justice is truly served.

https://t.co/RS5tn29UzO
We secured the conviction &amp; prison sentence of former Wall Street stockbroker Jason Amada for stealing over $489K from victims who invested in his bogus foreign currency trading venture.

We'll continue to use every tool in our arsenal to ensure criminals are brought to justice.
The act of violence against a member of the Jewish community in Rockland Co. this morning is extremely disturbing.

In NY, no one should feel threatened when going to their place of worship, period.

If you have any information, contact @RocklandSheriff.

https://t.co/40mJiA5lPF
We believe @JUULvapor’s deceptive marketing has greatly contributed to the public health crisis that's been felt by millions of youth across our nation.

We're taking action. https://t.co/vTvjZRutbr
Today we recognize #TransDayofRemembrance &amp; honor all the beautiful people across our nation who we lost to acts of hate &amp; violence.

I'm committed to supporting our trans community and bringing an end to transphobic violence in America. #TransWeek
We've secured the indictments of former British Airways Executive Steven Clark &amp; former Ground Services International CEO Jeff Kinsella for allegedly engaging in a $5M multi-year bribery &amp; money laundering scheme at JFK Airport.

Pay-to-play schemes will not fly in New York.
We're launching an investigation into allegations of discriminatory practices by Long Island real estate agents as first reported by @Newsday.

Fair access to housing is a basic civil right that all New Yorkers, including Long Island residents, are entitled to, period.
BREAKING: I filed a lawsuit against @JUULvapor.

JUUL has allegedly engaged in deceptive marketing practices targeting minors and misled consumers about both the nicotine content and safety of its products.

They've put countless New Yorkers at risk &amp; we won't stand for it. https://t.co/szuU0M5e0n
We will not tolerate anyone scamming innocent New Yorkers out of their hard-earned money.

If you believe you’ve been scammed as part of a home or property sale, file a complaint:

https://t.co/CQkePbYTbh
Sherrie A. Burton, the owner of Valued Homes, has been sentenced to prison for her scheme to defraud over 40 homebuyers out of over $1M.

Let this be a clear message to anyone seeking to defraud New Yorkers: my office will find you &amp; prosecute to the fullest extent of the law. https://t.co/ZEZd2lhXeh
All child care workers deserve the same opportunities to thrive &amp; that includes equal pay for equal work.

After repeatedly calling for community based child care workers in NYC to get the same pay as their DOE counterparts, I’m thrilled the city finally got this done.
Last week I went to the Supreme Court with @AGBecerra to make our case to #DefendDACA from the Trump Admin's baseless decision to end it.

Nearly 700K DACA recipients call this nation their home and make countless contributions to our society every day. #HomeIsHere https://t.co/OPa5uYeuus
Saddened to hear of this tragic crash this morning that claimed the life of NYPD Officer Chen. 

My deepest condolences go out to his family and loved ones, and I wish the two passengers a speedy recovery.

https://t.co/DphvAeoLUK
.@IJCsharedwaters failed their primary mission of properly managing Lake Ontario’s water levels, costing NYS over $100M in damages &amp; hurting countless New Yorkers.

I'm filing a lawsuit with @NYGovCuomo to hold IJC accountable &amp; protect the communities of our state.
My heart is with the Santa Clarita community today as they respond to a tragic mass shooting at a high school.

No child or parent should ever feel that an institution centered around education and growth is dangerous.
We've filed a lawsuit against B&amp;H, the photo &amp; electronics store, for allegedly failing to pay sales tax on tens of millions of dollars they received from manufacturers for "instant rebate" discounts to customers.

In New York, no company is above the law.
The Trump Admin wants to bar entry to immigrants who do not possess certain health coverage or the ability to pay for medical care.

This is just another thinly veiled attack on immigrants and represents an agenda driven by politics, not policy.

We're fighting it.
Particulate Matter is a threat to public health, causing cancer, cardiovascular disease &amp; even death.

That's why we're urging the @EPA to consider the best available science on Particulate Matter emissions, exposure &amp; health effects when setting air quality standards.
National Grid denied service to thousands of New Yorkers in an attempt to strong arm our state into approving a pipeline that would hurt the environment.

I'm launching a portal for anyone who's been impacted by this moratorium to submit a complaint:

https://t.co/lE27Q24YJY
Hoy, fui a la Corte Suprema a defender a #DACA de los planes de Trump, de poner fin a este plan. Nos comprometemos a defender el legado sagrado de #EEUU como nación de inmigrantes y faro de equitably oportunidad. Eso significa que DACA está #AquíParaQuedarse.
Today I went to the Supreme Court to #DefendDACA from the Trump Admin’s baseless attempt to end the program.
 
We’re committed to upholding America’s sacred legacy as a nation of immigrants &amp; a beacon of fairness &amp; opportunity. 

That means #DACA is #HereToStay. https://t.co/obV41Mxr5x
#DACA recipients are our friends and neighbors, and throwing their lives into chaos goes against the core values of our nation.

Tomorrow, we're going to the Supreme Court to #DefendDACA against the Trump Admin's baseless attempt to end the program. #HereToStay https://t.co/uyKRlBgdFe
BREAKING: A judge has dismissed President Trump’s lawsuit against me over the TRUST Act.

The TRUST Act, a law allowing Congress to request access to financial documents from NY, is an important tool that will ensure accountability &amp; transparency.

No one is above the law.
This #VeteransDay, we honor the brave men and women of both the past and present who dedicate their lives to protecting this nation.

On behalf of the entire state of New York: thank you for your service.
New Yorkers have a right to clean air, clean water, and a government that fights to protect our state against the looming threat of climate change.

So long as Trump's @EPA continues to sit on the sidelines and line the pocket of big businesses, I'll keep taking action.
#DACA recipients make countless contributions to our nation every day.

They're doctors, lawyers, teachers, business owners, and they pay nearly $9 billion in taxes that support communities across America.

That's why I'll be at the Supreme Court on Tuesday to #DefendDACA.
A judge just dismissed a case against New York's Green Light law.

The law aims to make our roads safer and our economy stronger.

We will continue to defend it. https://t.co/DHcmkci5aE
We've secured nearly $3M with @NYCComptroller from the landlords &amp; developers of a luxury apartment building in Downtown Brooklyn for underpaying workers &amp; fraudulently obtaining tax breaks.

Swindling workers out of their hard-earned wages will never go unanswered by my office.
As a result of our lawsuit, Tropical Breeze Car Wash will pay $530K for cheating over 150 workers out of their wages &amp; benefits.

Every single worker in New York deserves every penny &amp; protection afforded to them under the law, and we will continue to fight for their rights.
BREAKING: We’ve secured a court order forcing President Trump to pay $2M in damages after admitting to illegally using the Trump Foundation to help him intervene in the 2016 presidential election and further his own political interests.

No one is above the law.
Our trial against the manufacturers &amp; distributors of opioids has been moved up to January 2020.

After all these years of death &amp; destruction, their actions will be presented in open court &amp; laid bare for the American people.

We will not stop fighting for justice for victims.
Next Tuesday, November 12, we're going to the Supreme Court to #DefendDACA from the Trump Admin's baseless decision to end it.
 
DACA is a critical policy that recognizes #HomeIsHere for nearly 700K #Dreamers and we can't let them down. #HereToStay
BREAKING: We won our case to BLOCK the Trump Admin's "health care refusal" rule.

Health care is a right, not a privilege, and we will continue to fight to protect access to health care for our vulnerable communities. https://t.co/UC8m6wpV89
Following the Halloween storm that impacted parts of Upstate New York, New Yorkers should be on alert for potential price gouging.

If you believe you may be a victim of these dishonest fraudsters, contact my office immediately:

https://t.co/c4icvtavSJ
@mamaresist Thank you for reporting this. Please contact us at our hotline: 

1-800-771-7755

election.hotline@ag.ny.gov
There's still time to head to the polls.

Be sure to go and vote if you haven’t already and contact my office if you run into any problems. #ElectionDay🗳 https://t.co/4lcwUzXSdd
The Trump Admin's @ENERGY had the not-so-bright idea to rollback energy efficiency standards for certain light bulbs, which will increase pollution &amp; raise bills for consumers while lining the pockets of energy executives.

Not on my watch: we're suing.

https://t.co/xuCyLFsslk
It's #ElectionDay New York.

The polls are open until 9PM and my office is running a hotline if you have any issues while casting your vote:

☎️ 800-771-7755

✉️ election.hotline@ag.ny.gov
While the Trump Admin is taking dangerous steps to abandon the fight against climate change by walking away from the Paris Climate Agreement, New York has and will continue taking action to save our planet.
 
https://t.co/yGyN2FxXAo
For the past 3 years, Commissioner @NYPDONeill has dedicated his life to protecting New York City &amp; we are all grateful for his leadership.

I thank him for his 36 years of service to New York and I look forward to a productive relationship with incoming Commissioner Dermot Shea.
New Yorkers: Don't forget tomorrow, November 5th is #ElectionDay.

Use the link below to find your polling location and make a plan to vote. We all have a duty to make our voices heard at the ballot box.

🗳️✅🗳️✅🗳️

https://t.co/J3E4QtxZw5
Saddened to hear of the passing of Officer Ortiz. I just spent Friday with the RPD and saw firsthand how close the department is. 

My thoughts are with his family,
friends &amp; the entire @RochesterNYPD. https://t.co/jBM0xYdkuX
The NRA thinks it can act as a virtual set of eyes and ears into our office, but they don't get to have a seat at our table while we conduct our investigation.
 
https://t.co/Rdvlsdr8I9
I'm proud to present over $163K to @RochesterNYPD &amp; @monroesheriffny for 100 body-worn camera systems to support local law enforcement.

These funds will go a long way in increasing public safety and protecting communities in Rochester and across Monroe County. https://t.co/07vPXxDbby
No person, regardless of their housing status, should be served rancid food. Changing the expiration dates puts the health &amp; safety of NYers at extreme risk.

Vulnerable communities should be protected, not taken advantage of.
https://t.co/XqjZaD03pk
In Buffalo to present over $238K to @BPDAlerts, @NiagaraFallsPD &amp; @amherstpoliceny for 442 body-worn cameras as part of our statewide program to support local law enforcement.
 
Body-worn cameras provide increased transparency &amp; accountability that help keep New Yorkers safe. https://t.co/CDz8Bavl5Z
Once again, the NRA is trying to stifle &amp; interfere with a confidential law enforcement investigation.

The NRA has no authority to act as a gatekeeper over this office’s investigations &amp; we won’t allow them to compromise the integrity of our legal action.
https://t.co/hG02N3BiIO
Today I went to the polls and proudly participated in early voting.

New Yorkers: Remember you can vote early until Sunday, November 3rd or on Election Day, Tuesday, November 5th. https://t.co/jhvGUzwkac
The history of our nation is inextricably tied to our immigrant communities, and we see the contributions they make to our society every day.

The Public Charge rule would have had devastating impacts on all NYers &amp; that's why we fought so hard to stop it from taking effect. https://t.co/uCGMs0Xh2N
Over two-thirds of NYers regularly breathe unhealthy air due to smog pollution from upwind states, yet the @EPA continues to ignore it's legal duty under the Clean Air Act to require the emissions be cut.

I won't remain idle while a federal agency ignores its job: I'm suing.
It's simple: in our nation we have a constitutional right to reproductive healthcare and that includes abortions. https://t.co/cshprCUXLz
7 years ago #HurricaneSandy hit New York and even today communities are still recovering from the storm's damage.

We must face the stark reality that another Sandy could devastate our communities &amp; work to reverse the impacts of climate change before it's too late.
63 individuals have pled guilty for their roles in trafficking heroin, fentanyl &amp; cocaine throughout Central &amp; Upstate New York.

We'll continue to root out those who flood our communities with lethal cocktails of heroin &amp; fentanyl that are claiming lives in New York. https://t.co/mjLbik7Mv4
The Trump Admin is trying to curb collection of data crucial in the fight against pay discrimination.

We're supporting @NWLC's lawsuit to keep this from happening because pay discrimination in the workplace must be eliminated. #EqualPay
New York: join the thousands who have already gone to the polls and vote early. You have until Sunday, November 3rd to participate in early voting before Election Day.

If you do come across any issues, we’re here to help.

⬇️⬇️⬇️ https://t.co/BuZrUqRRR6
Anna Mendez has been convicted of using money stolen from a non-profit to fund straw political contributions to former NYC Council candidate Albert Alvarez.

Public corruption, on any level &amp; in any form, will not be tolerated &amp; we will continue to hold bad actors accountable.
To everyone celebrating the Festival of Lights, I wish you a happy #Diwali and a joyous new year.
One year ago today, 11 people were killed at the Tree of Life Synagogue in Pittsburgh. 

Today New Yorkers of all faiths stand together to honor their lives and reject any form of anti-Semitism. #PittsburghStrong https://t.co/fdLi623HOG
A todos los DREAMers que están aquí hoy para participar en la marcha #HomeisHere: los veo y estoy con ustedes. Esta es tu casa.

Mi oficina lucha para detener los planes de Trump de poner fin a estos alivios migratorios y estaré en la Corte Suprema el 11/12 para defender a #DACA.
Your right to vote is a core value of our nation's democracy.

For the first time starting today New Yorkers can exercise their right to vote early until November 3rd.

Early voting locations vary by county, so be sure to check the link below.

⬇️🗳️⬇️🗳️

https://t.co/JnP976e0eT
To all the DREAMers here today to embark on the #HomeisHere march – I see you, and I stand with you. This is YOUR home.

My office is fighting to stop the Trump Admin's attempt to end these programs &amp; I will meet you at the Supreme Court on 11/12 to defend #DACA. https://t.co/z6CgSUqXNF
New York:

Today is National Prescription Drug #TakeBackDay, where you can safely give back unused prescription drugs at over 200 locations across our state.

Use the link below to find the site closest to you.

https://t.co/n9HZYm9Yre
Tomorrow, for the first time ever, early voting begins in New York.

If you encounter any problems at the polls during the 9 day early voting period, my office has a hotline to help:

☎️ 800-775-7755

✉️ election.hotline@ag.ny.gov
Mañana es el Día Nacional de Devolución de Medicamentos Recetados, donde los neoyorquinos pueden desechar de forma segura las medicinas que no desean en diferentes sitios en todo el Estado, sin que se les hagan preguntas. 

Ubique un lugar cerca de ust

https://t.co/n9HZYm9Yre
Tomorrow, Saturday October 26th is National Prescription Drug #TakeBackDay, where New Yorkers can safely drop off old prescription drugs at sites across the state, no questions asked.

⬇️Find a location close to you⬇️

https://t.co/n9HZYm9Yre
Today we wear purple to raise awareness for survivors of domestic violence and ensure they know there are resources available to them.

If you or someone you know is in need of support visit https://t.co/CQt2YRVacL or call 1-800-942-6906. 💜 #NYCGoPurple #DVAM
New York stands firm with our fellow states in holding polluters accountable for violating laws that cause harm to Americans.

That's why we're arguing in the Supreme Court that states have the right to protect their land, air, and water from damage caused by corporations.
The Trump Administration’s second attempt to strip access to cost-free birth control protected under the #ACA has been denied.

Decisions regarding a woman’s body should only be between her &amp; her doctor. We will continue to fight this administration to keep it that way.
This disgusting kind of hateful behavior towards our Muslim neighbors is unacceptable and will not be tolerated in Brooklyn or any other corner of our state, period.
https://t.co/pgAs7RPqm6
Judith Johnson was a champion for students across New York, dedicating her life to promoting equity for students of all economic and racial backgrounds.

My deepest condolences to her family, friends, and loved ones.
https://t.co/epetF6K4WI
New Yorkers across the state can find their polling locations below &amp; if you have any issues, my office is running an Election Day hotline during early voting to help:

1-800-771-7755

https://t.co/JnP976e0eT
For the first time ever, New York will open the polls early this Saturday, October 26th until November 3rd.
 
Early voting provides more opportunity to vote, increasing turnout &amp; participation in our democracy. https://t.co/XSVk3Jtvnb
RT @LetNYvote: Join us tomorrow at our Rally to Get Out the Early Vote in NYC's Washington Square Park at 11 am. We will celebrate the firs…
Today starts International Charity Fraud Awareness Week, a global campaign to help charities &amp; those who contribute to them avoid fraud &amp; promote wise giving.

⬇️Our Charities Bureau has resources &amp; tips available to help⬇️

#CharityFraudOut

https://t.co/wXrDjdUQDC
The judge who ruled to block the Public Charge rule said:
 
"The rule is simply a new agency policy of exclusion in search of a justification. It is repugnant to the American Dream of the opportunity for prosperity and success through hard work and upward mobility."
 
We agree.
My office has taken action to protect against dirty air emissions, chemicals in our food, and pollutants in our water, and we will continue taking action.

New York will not sit idly by while the Trump Admin's @EPA continues to destroy our environment &amp; put us all in harm's way.
Trump's @HUDgov has proposed changes to a rule that could lead to discriminatory housing &amp; lending practices &amp; would make it harder for states to ensure equal housing opportunities for all Americans.
 
I'm joining 18 fellow AGs in urging @HUDgov to abandon this rule.
Health care is a right, not a privilege, and the ‘health care refusal’ rule will give the privileged the right to impose their beliefs on women, members of the LGBTQ+ community &amp; so many others in NY &amp; our nation.

That's why we went to court today to stop it from taking effect.
Today, I’m presenting the Ulster County Sheriff’s Office with a check for $69,750 to purchase 93 body-worn cameras, as part of a statewide program to protect our communities &amp; law enforcement.

Body-worn cameras are critical tools for accountability, transparency &amp; public safety. https://t.co/kJ2NsukDCQ
We've secured nearly $2M from @USGandE for engaging in deceptive business practices that caused tens of thousands of New Yorkers to pay more in energy services than they needed.
 
We'll continue our efforts to root out fraud and deceit in the energy services industry.
This #SpiritDay and everyday, I'm proud to commit to standing up against bullying and in support of LGBTQ+ youth both here in New York and across our nation.

Today, I'm asking you to join me. 💜🌈
We reached a multistate $117M settlement with Johnson &amp; Johnson for endangering the health of women across New York &amp; the rest of the nation through deceptive marketing of transvaginal surgical mesh devices.

Health &amp; safety must come before profits.
Grateful to celebrate #Sukkot in Central Brooklyn last night and show our appreciation for everything we have as a community.

Thanks to the Crown Heights Jewish Community Council for having me.

Chag Sameach! https://t.co/Klbv6iiz5E
Our country has lost a giant. 

Congressman Elijah Cummings was a  true leader in our fight for a more fair and just society. A civil rights activist, a dedicated public servant, and a powerful force for good - he left his mark on our communities. 

Rest in power, my friend.
My name is Letitia James, and my preferred pronouns are she/her/hers. 

As the Attorney General of New York,
I have to duty to fight for equal rights for all New Yorkers, and that includes your preferred pronouns. #PronounsDay
RT @NassauExecutive: Today, I co-hosted the LI Cybersecurity Summit with @SteveBellone — a 1st-of-its-kind gathering of top officials inclu…
The @CFPB has proposed two rules that would undermine our ability to enforce fair lending laws and prevent discrimination in mortgage lending.

We're urging them to abandon these rules so we can continue to hold bad-acting lenders accountable for their actions.
To any member of the NYPD who is struggling, please know there are resources available for you:

https://t.co/Kpr4SCq5Iy
For the 10th time in as many months, we mourn the loss of another member of the NYPD.

Sergeant Linhong Li dedicated his life to protecting New Yorkers and I send my deepest condolences to his family, friends, &amp; all of the @NYPDnews today.
This commonsense measure will provide a reasonable and necessary check on presidential power today and for all presidents to come. Thanks to @toddkaminsky &amp; @assemblymanjoe for their partnership in addressing this critical issue.
Today, New York closed a gaping loophole in our double jeopardy protections so that no president can abuse the presidential pardon power to unfairly grant a pardon to a family member or close associate to evade justice.
 
I introduced this bill because no one is above the law.
Estamos tomando acción legal para desafiar el intento de Trump de negarle asilo a inmigrantes que buscan refugio en nuestra nación. EEUU siempre se ha mantenido como un faro de esperanza para quienes buscan refugio, por lo que lucharemos para garantizar que sigamos así
Si la Regla de Carga Pública de Trump hubiera entrado en vigor hoy, millones habrían sido impactados. La regla habría causado caos y confusión en las comunidades de nuestro país. Es por eso que seguiremos luchando para que a esta medida nunca se le permita su entrada en vigencia.
We’re taking legal action to challenge the Trump Admin's attempt to deny asylum to immigrants seeking refuge here.
 
Our nation has always stood as a beacon of hope for those seeking refuge. Under our watch, we'll fight to ensure that we stay that way.
https://t.co/VH64JuZpIL
Had the Trump Admin's Public Charge rule gone into effect today, millions would had been impacted.

The rule would have caused chaos &amp; confusion in communities across our nation and that's why we will continue fighting to ensure it's never allowed to take effect. https://t.co/VDysZgwBf5
We took legal action to defend Vermont's right to ban large-capacity magazines.

States have a right to enact laws that reduce gun violence &amp; protect public safety. There's no reason for anyone to have access to such extreme firepower that puts our communities at risk.
Busy week protecting New Yorkers. Here are some of the highlights:

✅Secured a nationwide block on Trump's Public Charge Rule

✅Announced $7.8 million in funds to support affordable housing across New York 

✅Stopped bad actors from scamming innocent small business investors
The courts have ruled yet again that the Trump Admin cannot declare a national emergency to build a wall. 

We'll continue to challenge this unconstitutional diversion of funds because there is no national emergency and these illegal maneuvers must end.

https://t.co/reQEFu5JB5
Deeply upsetting to wake up to news about a shooting in Crown Heights. Once again, senseless gun violence in our communities has claimed the lives of several individuals &amp; injured several more. 

I urge anyone with information to please contact @NYPDnews - 800-577-TIPS. https://t.co/JZFruzQYIJ
The history of our nation is inextricably tied to our immigrant communities &amp; because of this decision, so too will be our future.

The decision on #PublicCharge sends a loud &amp; clear message: the Trump Admin cannot rewrite our story to meet their agenda.

https://t.co/e6P1HFJX7l
BREAKING: We've secured a nationwide preliminary injunction to BLOCK Trump's Public Charge Rule from taking effect.

This rule would have had devastating impacts on New Yorkers and our nation, and today’s decision is a critical step in our efforts to uphold the rule of law.
On National #ComingOutDay, remember no matter where you may be on your journey: you are loved, you are valued, and I will always fight for your right to be who you are. #LoveisLove
I couldn't leave Ithaca without visiting @CornellLaw.

It was an honor to tour the campus and speak with so many future lawyers.

Thanks for having me. https://t.co/jgtXT3QLaj
These funds are used to help communities develop solutions that meet local housing needs and revitalize neighborhoods by renovating distressed properties and providing training and assistance to homeowners.
We're in Ithaca to announce a $900K grant to Tompkins County as part of our $7.8M Community Land Trust Initiative to help assist homeowners and create permanent, affordable housing throughout New York. https://t.co/23aJYachiK
We busted tech start-up Cardis Enterprises for falsely claiming they could cut costs for small businesses &amp; swindling at least $30M from investors.

With these default judgments, NYers can rest assured that those who sell false promises &amp; commit fraud will be held responsible.
Vandalizing this memorial is despicable, especially on the eve of the holiest day of the year for the Jewish community.

New York has no room for anti-Semitism, period.
https://t.co/a0U9Q7MPeS
To pronounce GE’s cleanup of PCBs ‘complete’ when Hudson River fish are still too poisonous to consume puts the health of New Yorkers at extreme risk.

Thank you @UlsterNY and @DutchessCoGov for their commitment to holding big polluters accountable. https://t.co/1Z4nbfPTN6
Today a new law expanding efforts for pay equity goes into effect in NY. Employees will now be paid equally for "substantially similar work" &amp; pay can't differ based on sex, marital status &amp; other factors.

I'm proud to see NY lead the way on ensuring equity in the workplace.
When I was Public Advocate of NYC, I passed a bill banning employers from asking questions about salary history in an effort to curb discrimination &amp; move closer to fully closing the gender wage gap in the workplace.
 https://t.co/y0Wriy2NB2
As if the Trump Admin hasn’t rolled back the clock enough in our battle against climate change, now big polluters want to dismantle all our efforts.

We're leading a coalition to defend the @EPA's authority to regulate greenhouse gas emissions &amp; protect the people of our nation.
Tonight and tomorrow, Jews around the world will observe the holy day of Yom Kippur. I wish all who are observing a day of thoughtful reflection, forgiveness, and atonement. 

May you have an easy and meaningful fast.
La regla de carga pública de Trump es un intento atroz de infringir las leyes y los valores de nuestra nación, y afectará negativamente a los neoyorquinos si entra en vigencia la próxima semana.
 
Es por eso que la llevamos a la corte para bloquearla de inmediato.
Trump's Public Charge rule is an egregious attempt to infringe upon the laws &amp; the values of our nation, and will adversely impact New Yorkers if it takes effect next week.
 
That's why we went to court today seeking to immediately block it.
The closing of WBAI is a huge loss for New York City and local news coverage we all depend on.
 
This is deeply disappointing and I hope this station is relaunched. https://t.co/3cGghd49G5
When New Yorkers pass this intersection in Jackson Heights they will remember that Senator José Peralta was a champion for our communities, especially immigrants.

Today we honor his memory with this street co-naming. https://t.co/UTGQFHsDzY
My thoughts are with the victims of this horrifying attack today. 

In New York, everyone deserves the right to feel safe and secure. There is no room for this kind of violence in our city.
https://t.co/jmQW2UHh80
New York:

Early voting begins for the first time in our state on October 26th, and runs through November 3rd.

The number of polling sites &amp; their locations vary by county, so be sure to contact your local board of elections to find your site.

⬇️🗳️⬇️

https://t.co/J0uryjtb1i
I’ve taken legal action to ensure Mississippi can't deny access to safe &amp; legal abortion.

Over 45 years ago, Roe v. Wade made it clear that women hold the right to have safe, legal abortions. Despite multiple states’ attempts to roll back the clock, we'll never stop fighting.
Purdue Pharma wants to pay out their top executives $38M even though they've filed for bankruptcy &amp; claim they can't afford to pay creditors.

I'm opposing this because the company needs to be held to account, not be allowed to recklessly spend what they claim are limited funds.
I will not allow greedy bad actors to profit off of the generosity of New Yorkers.

That's why I'm suing @NYCharities for failing to give over $750K in contributions to the charities they were meant for.
PHEAA’s abuses have not only denied public servants the benefits they've earned, but have undermined the goals of the loan forgiveness program.

We'll continue to hold companies accountable for their lies &amp; deception &amp; will never stop advocating for our state’s public servants.
We're suing @PHEAAaid, one of the nation's largest student loan servicers, for failing to forgive the student loans of borrowers who've worked in public service for 10 years.
 
Despite a decade of public service to our state &amp; nation, NYers have been left with broken promises.
The several acts of anti-Semitism in Brooklyn on Rosh Hashanah are unacceptable and must be addressed.

There is no room for this kind of disgusting hate in Brooklyn or anywhere else in our state.
 
If you have any information I urge you to contact @NYPDnews.
We won a challenge to an @EPA rule that would have gutted standards regulating ozone emissions.

We’ll continue to take on the Trump Admin in our efforts to fight this public health hazard &amp; to uphold New Yorkers’ legal right to clean, healthy air.
Our advanced Portal will help to attract, engage &amp; protect whistleblowers, and in turn enhance fairness &amp; the rule of law.

At a time when some are leveling threats against those who seek to call out corruption, NY will stand up for all those who fight for transparency &amp; justice.
Whistleblowers serve an important function in our democracy, often at great risk to themselves.

Today we’re launching the NYAG Whistleblower Portal, a portal for simple &amp; secure transmission of information &amp; two-way anonymous communication w/my office.
https://t.co/0nPg3YLArj
We're imposing $12.5M in penalties on brokerage firms BGC Financial &amp; GFI Securities for violating the Martin Act.

Maintaining the integrity of our financial markets is of paramount importance to my office because what happens on Wall Street impacts families on Main Street.
Climate Week may have just ended, but our work is just getting started.
 
We need to stay focused and take action on this issue every single day if we're going to save our planet.
 
Inaction is simply not an option. https://t.co/e8wA3c6rNX
Estamos demandando a ICE porque las familias que necesitan asistencia judicial han decidido mantenerse alejadas de nuestros tribunales y los acusados no comparecen en corte. En cambio, están a la sombra de la justicia y eso no será tolerado.
We're suing ICE because families in need of court assistance have decided to stay away from our courts &amp; defendants have not shown up for appearances.
 
Instead they stand in the shadow of justice &amp; that will not be tolerated.
 
Read more.
 
⬇️⬇️⬇️
https://t.co/xQETc3rGoG
Nuestro gobierno  prometió a los jóvenes soñadores que podrían vivir sin temor a la deportación repentina y arbitraria. 

No permitiremos que la Administración Trump continúe esta cruel cruzada contra estos invaluables miembros de nuestra sociedad.
Hemos presentado un escrito réplica en la Corte Suprema, en nuestra demanda por proteger a #DACA.

Alegamos que los planes de Trump de revocar DACA se basa en un análisis ilegal defectuoso, y perjudica a residentes, instituciones, y a los sistemas económicos de los Estados.
Our government made a promise to DREAMers that they would be able to live their lives free from the fear of sudden, arbitrary deportation.

We will not allow the Trump Admin to continue this cruel crusade against these invaluable members of our society.
We've filed a brief in the US Supreme Court as part of our ongoing lawsuit to protect #DACA.

Our lawsuit argues the Trump Admin's attempt to revoke #DACA was based on faulty legal analysis &amp; harmed State residents, institutions, and economies.
Tonight, marks the beginning of Rosh Hashanah and I want to wish Jews in New York and beyond a good and sweet new year. 

May your year be filled with health, happiness, and love. L’Shana Tova.
Today’s a dark day for New York.

Officer Brian Mulkeen dedicated his life to protecting the people of New York City, and today I send my deepest condolences to his family, friends, loved ones, and the entire NYPD community.
https://t.co/kE4O7K3cqU
Deputy Sheriff Sandeep Dhaliwal will be remembered in Texas and across our entire nation for making history and doing his civil duty with honor.

My deepest condolences to his family, friends, and loved ones.
https://t.co/0qpWEKhxIe
Un juez BLOQUEÓ los planes de Trump de eludir el Acuerdo Flores y prolongar la detención de niños inmigrantes.
Continuaremos luchando por los derechos humanos básicos de todos en nuestra nación.
A judge has BLOCKED the Trump Admin from circumventing the Flores Agreement &amp; prolonging the detention of immigrant children.

We will continue to fight for basic human rights for everyone in our nation. https://t.co/sLvwDZBQ77
It’s with a heavy heart that I say Rest In Peace to James “Rocky” Robinson.

Rocky dedicated his life to saving lives, from working as a NYC EMT to creating a program training communities of color to be EMTs where they were needed most. 

New York City lost a hero today.
We held a community gun buyback event in Rochester on Wednesday where 131 firearms were turned in to law enforcement.

Unwanted, dangerous firearms have no place on our streets or in our homes, and certainly not in the wrong hands. 

Thanks to @RochesterPD for their partnership. https://t.co/ORPb2VAghR
We've arrested 23 individuals for allegedly trafficking $1.3M worth of cocaine &amp; heroin from Puerto Rico &amp; NYC into Western New York.

Illicit drugs have no place on our streets, in our homes, or being transported through the mail, and we will not tolerate drug trafficking in NY.
.@dunkindonuts failed to notify nearly 20K customers that their accounts had been compromised &amp; their information &amp; personal funds were in jeopardy.

They sat idly by instead of protecting the security of their consumers, and we're suing to hold them accountable.
The Trump Admin is trying to weaken protections under the Endangered Species Act, which could have devastating impacts on the endangered species in NY and the wellbeing of entire ecosystems.

We're suing to protect these species &amp; our planet.

https://t.co/M82Esq1YWY
Demandamos a ICE para evitar que arresten dentro y alrededor de los tribunales.

Cuando ICE asecha a testigos y víctimas para arrestarlos, los extranjeros e inmigrantes suelen evitar ir a corte para colaborar en casos o incluso para proteger sus derechos.
https://t.co/nfT1k8i7lg
This is a disastrous and dangerous break from previous policy and that’s why we are fighting to force them to end this practice.

The administration of justice and public safety are among the most important functions of the state, and I will be relentless in their defense.
BREAKING: We're suing ICE to stop them from making arrests in &amp; around our courts.

When ICE targets witnesses &amp; victims for arrests, noncitizens &amp; immigrants are less likely to go to court to assist in cases or even to protect their own rights. https://t.co/DuKzUVcgON
RT @NYCProgressives: @TishJames “you may be wondering why the NY Attorney General is here. That’s because we have some unfinished business.…
The Trump Admin is taking $160M from West Point, funds that were meant for national security &amp; cybersecurity research, to build the border wall.

We've challenged this diversion of funds as unconstitutional, the national emergency doesn't exist &amp; these illegal maneuvers must end.
I strongly urge Congress to pass the #NoBanAct.

The President's Muslim ban is a shameful mark on our nation's history. There's no room for that kind of hate here, and this bill will help ensure we don't see this kind of policy again.
A new @USDA rule for SNAP benefits would:

🍎Take basic food assistance away from more than 3 million people

🏫Disqualify hundreds of thousands of children from free school meals

💵Punish working families with modest savings

We're leading an opposition to this proposed rule.
The right to vote is a cornerstone of our democracy, and there's no better way to make our voices heard.
 
This #NationalVoterRegistrationDay, make sure you’re registered to vote.
 
https://t.co/Nj3cqCUa2H
The Trump Admin's rush to implement a rule authorizing individuals to be deported without due process protections is ill-advised and puts lawful residents at risk for deportation.

We oppose this rule and will continue to challenge reckless policies.
Global leaders are meeting today to discuss a plan to solve the climate crisis. Instead of moving us forward, our fed gov has been rolling back regulations for:

🌬Clean Air

🌊Clean Water

⚡️Clean Power

We've sued to stop these rollbacks &amp; protect the planet. #ClimateWeekNYC
Tonight I'm joining a Law &amp; Justice Town Hall with @BrooklynDA to discuss how prosecutors can make justice more fair in our state &amp; address the historic inequities of the criminal justice system.

Doors open at 6PM at @PrattInstitute's Memorial Hall in Brooklyn. https://t.co/R0f4CIolQ2
I've ordered 16 websites to immediately stop selling ghost guns in NY.

These companies sell nearly complete, untraceable ghost guns that allow individuals to create assault weapons, which are illegal in NY &amp; endanger everyone in our state.

We won't allow them to be built here.
RT @ChaimDeutsch: I gathered with friends and neighbors at the Holocaust Memorial Park in my district today to persist in passing on the me…
There is no legal rhyme or reason for the Trump Administration to revoke states’ right to protect our planet.

Cars are the greatest emitters of greenhouse gases, which are one of the biggest contributors to our climate crisis. #ClimateAction

https://t.co/HNILyih6nR
We will not sit idly by while the Trump Admin attempts to rob New York &amp; other states of their authority to adopt auto emission standards for greenhouse gases and defend their residents against the increasing ravages of climate change.

We're suing. #ClimateAction https://t.co/L7stELy6W5
El cambio climático ha potenciado nuestro clima haciéndolo más extremo y a las tormentas más destructivas. Más de 3.000 personas murieron en PR, y la vida de muchos más quedó devastada.

Tenemos que hacer más para combatir esta crisis. #ViernesPorElFuturo
Dos años atrás, el #HuracánMaría azotó a Puerto Rico. No podemos olvidar a todos los que perdieron la vida en ese catastrófico huracán, y a los muchos que aún luchan por reconstruir y recuperarse. 

Nueva York seguirá ayudando a nuestros hermanos boricuas. #LaIslaDelEncanto
Climate change has made our weather more extreme &amp; storms more destructive. More than 3,000 were killed by #HurricaneMaria &amp; countless more saw their lives devastated.

We have to do more to combat this crisis. #FridaysForFuture
Two years ago #HurricaneMaria made landfall on Puerto Rico. We cannot forget those we lost because of that catastrophic storm &amp; those who are still struggling to rebuild &amp; recover.

New York will continue to help our fellow Americans. #LaIslaDelEncanto
A nuestra juventud en todo el mundo que hoy se levanta y exige que actuemos y abordemos nuestra crisis climática: estoy siempre con ustedes. 

Es su voz, coraje y activismo lo que conducirá al cambio que necesita el planeta.
To our youth across the globe rising up and demanding we take action and address our climate crisis: I am with you.

It's your voice, courage, and activism that's going to lead to the change our planet needs. #ClimateStrike #FridaysForFuture
Too many New Yorkers are harassed &amp; abused by debt collectors &amp; now the @CFPB is trying to create more avenues to do this by letting them contact consumers using social media &amp; email.

I'm urging them to revise this proposal &amp; put consumers' interests over debt collectors'.
The Trump Admin was blocked by the courts from stripping access to free birth control under the #ACA, but they won't update their website or inform the public.

We're urging them to comply with the court's order and ensure women have access to the healthcare they need &amp; deserve.
Pennsylvania has joined our lawsuit to block the proposed T-Mobile/Sprint megamerger.

We welcome PA to our coalition that continues to build strength against this deal that is still bad for consumers, bad for workers, and bad for innovation. #MegaBlock
232 years ago today the founders of our nation signed the Constitution of the United States of America.

This living document continues to be the foundation for the rule of law.
 
I will continue to uphold &amp; enforce it for the people of New York &amp; our nation. #ConstitutionDay
The owner of Purple Heart Transportation &amp; an employee have been arrested for stealing over $1M from Medicaid by billing fake transportation services.

We won't allow those who are driven by greed to corrupt a system that is designed to support our most vulnerable.
Using religion as a means to discriminate against current or prospective employees is not only an affront to our values, it's illegal.

A proposed @USDOL rule would allow federal contractors to openly discriminate against their employees. 

We’re demanding they rescind it.
Women have a constitutional right to safe, accessible abortion services, and no person, political party, or government entity can legally deny that right.

We're opposing an unconstitutional Kentucky law that would crackdown on abortion and reproductive freedom.
The death of NYPD Inspector Michael McGrath is tragic and I know New York joins me in mourning his loss.

My deepest condolences to his family, friends, and those who worked alongside him.
https://t.co/TrK4DcDmcf
¡Feliz #MesDeLaHerenciaHispana!

Nueva York no sería igual sin los valores y tradiciones de la cultura Hispana. Este mes, celebramos las contribuciones que los hispano-americanos hacen a nuestras comunidades y Estado.
Happy #HispanicHeritageMonth!

New York wouldn’t be the same without the values and traditions of Hispanic culture, and this month we celebrate Hispanic-Americans’ contributions to our communities and state.
Having a blast marching in the 50th African American Day Parade in Harlem today! 

The @aadpinc has been an amazing celebration of African-American culture &amp; unity in New York and I’m honored to be a part of it. https://t.co/HiiPkUYb8P
Cheating hardworking New Yorkers out of wages &amp; threatening them with deportation &amp; retaliation is as immoral as it is illegal. Today we're holding Allcare Homecare Agency accountable for this reprehensible conduct.

Allcare will pay over 100 workers $450K in backpay &amp; damages. https://t.co/HxQmO33Ona
In New York we won't allow anyone to illegally flood our streets with dangerous guns of any kind, period.
 
Two gun traffickers who illegally sold assault weapons, semiautomatic pistols &amp; hundreds of rounds of ammunition in NYC &amp; LI have pleaded guilty &amp; will face jail time. https://t.co/qi7TAH58wN
We've taken down an 18 person drug ring &amp; charged the individuals with 308 crimes for allegedly trafficking heroin, fentanyl, and cocaine from NYC to Albany.

Let this be a loud &amp; clear message: We will find &amp; prosecute those selling lethal &amp; illicit drugs.
MeToo Kits Co. &amp; Preserve Group shouldn't be able to to profit off of sexual assault exams that are free in NY.

Sexual assault is a real problem that demands a real response &amp; these kits pose serious concerns. We must ensure that survivors are protected &amp; justice is served.
I’ve ordered two companies that sell at home sexual assault kits to cease and desist their operations immediately.
 
I’m concerned that they are being marketed as an alternative to seeking proper medical care &amp; concerned about whether the evidence would be admissible in court.
18 years ago, New York &amp; the nation were torn apart by the terror attacks on September 11.

New York has since rebuilt, but we've never forgotten those we lost &amp; the first responders who risked their lives to protect us.

Today we must stand together as one nation. #NeverForget https://t.co/nDlv64pHd1
This #WorldSuicidePreventionDay, let's thank the brave people sharing their stories to give hope to others in need.

Remember, you're loved, you're appreciated, and there are resources here for you if you need it.

National Suicide Prevention Lifeline: 
1-800-273-8255
BREAKING: We filed to immediately block Trump's Public Charge rule from taking effect October 15.

The rule will sow fear &amp; chaos into immigrants’ lives &amp; have an adverse impact on the health &amp; wellbeing of NYers. It's dangerous, disruptive &amp; shouldn't be allowed to take effect.
We're suing the SEC over their "Regulation Best Interest" rule for failing to meet basic investor protections from the Dodd-Frank Act.

Despite the SEC’s refusal to do its job, NY will continue to lead the charge to protect the millions of individuals investing in their futures.
La nueva regla de ‘Carga Pública’ ha creado confusión y miedo en las comunidades inmigrantes en Nueva York y en toda la nación. 

Si tiene alguna pregunta sobre cómo podría afectarlo, hoy y mañana se ofrecerá ayuda legal gratuita y segura.

⬇️⬇️⬇️ https://t.co/z5GdgWeGZC
The Public Charge rule has created confusion and fear in immigrant communities here in New York &amp; across our nation.

If you have questions about how this rule may affect you, there will be a phone bank today &amp; tomorrow offering free, safe legal help.

⬇️⬇️⬇️ https://t.co/ThGxP8r4n4
We're launching an investigation with 49 AGs to determine if Google has achieved or maintained its dominance through anticompetitive conduct.

It doesn’t take a search engine to understand that unchecked corporate power shouldn’t eclipse consumers’ rights.
Wishing all the grandparents of New York a happy National Grandparents Day.

We also want to be sure grandparents are aware of the “Grandparent Scam,” a reprehensible common phone scam targeting senior citizens with calls from fraudsters posing as a grandchild of the victim. https://t.co/XzoyTOFlmQ
Trump's refusal of care rule will impact millions:

A nurse could refuse to give a vaccine

An ER doctor could refuse to care for a pregnant woman whose life's in danger

Doctors could refuse to give patients options they don't agree with

That's why we're fighting to block it.
NY &amp; our 26 member coalition were granted the right to intervene as defendants in the Alabama census case.

The federal government is failing its obligation to represent the American people &amp; Alabama wants to continue down that path.

Everyone counts, so everyone must be counted. https://t.co/bnJD62WJeT
We filed a motion to block the Trump Admin's refusal of care rule so health care providers cannot openly discriminate &amp; refuse care to patients.

This admin's repeated attempt to strip coverage away &amp; deny access to care for millions is shameful &amp; we will continue to fight back.
BREAKING: I’m launching an investigation into Facebook to determine whether their actions endangered consumer data, reduced the quality of consumers’ choices, or increased the price of advertising.

The largest social media platform in the world must follow the law.
These energy efficiency rollbacks will cost consumers over $10B in electricity costs &amp; increase pollution.

We opposed this when @ENERGY first announced it in May &amp; we won't idly sit by while the Trump Admin assaults our nation's environment.
 
https://t.co/0akgmuHd5W
As students go back to school this week, it's important to remember that they should feel safe &amp; supported,
regardless of their background.

My office issued guidelines to help schools make this a priority &amp; ensure they're safe havens for all students.

https://t.co/lDprZrc2qh
The destruction that Hurricane Dorian wreaked across the Bahamas is nothing short of a humanitarian crisis &amp; we hope for minimal impact in the US.

I urge those donating to relief efforts to only donate to orgs you know &amp; beware of scams.

⬇️More tips⬇

https://t.co/YB67CZWUqH
Cities &amp; states are committed to protecting the health &amp; wellbeing of their residents, including fighting against the impacts of climate change.

We're supporting Baltimore City in its lawsuit to hold fossil fuel companies accountable. Polluters aren't immune from state laws.
This program exists for one main reason: to save lives.

Denying immigrant children &amp; families lifesaving treatment without explanation &amp; threatening deportation effectively signs their death warrants.

It's unconscionable &amp; we won't tolerate it.
We're demanding the Trump Admin give answers over the status &amp; oversight of the medical deferred action program, which allows immigrants to apply to remain in the US if they're in extreme medical need.

They won't say who runs the program &amp; are denying immigrants in dire need.
Despite the fact that Youtube &amp; Google knew these channels were geared for children, the platforms served ads &amp; collected personal info anyway.
 
This office is committed to protecting children &amp; we will hold those who put our youth in harm’s way accountable.
We reached a record $170M settlement with Youtube &amp; Google for violating the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act for serving targeted ads to users watching videos meant for children.
 
These companies risked children's personal info &amp; abused their powers for profits.
The State of Illinois has joined our lawsuit to block the T-Mobile/Sprint megamerger.

With the addition of IL, more than half the US population is now represented by our coalition.

This anticompetitive deal remains bad for consumers, bad for workers, and bad for innovation.
Después del #LaborDay, es importante recordar lo mucho que los inmigrantes contribuyen al éxito de Nueva York y de nuestra nación.

Con los tantos ataques a nuestros trabajadores inmigrantes, estoy luchando y tomando medidas para protegerlos.

⬇️⬇️⬇️

https://t.co/IWQOpDoF1K
When it comes to the #WestIndianDayParade, nothing can rain on our parade.

Had a blast celebrating the contributions of the West Indian communities that make New York such a special place to call home. https://t.co/yomVXGkuG3
Without unions &amp; the labor movement, we wouldn't have:
 
✊🏿benefits

✊🏽weekends

✊🏻safe working conditions

This #LaborDay, we stand with the men &amp; women who fought and continue to fight for our rights in the workplace.
Devastated over the mass shooting in Midland, Texas tonight.

These tragedies are heartbreaking. I’m with you tonight Texas.
We're suing over the Trump Admin's new Public Charge Rule because it will affect every corner of New York.
 
From Buffalo to Brooklyn, this rule goes against our values and we won't stand for it. https://t.co/7XfAHc7BkU
We're seeking an injunction to block the Trump Admin's attempt to circumvent the Flores Agreement &amp; prolong the detention of immigrant children.

Everyone is entitled to basic human rights &amp; we won't allow the Trump Admin to continue this crusade to demonize &amp; degrade immigrants.
52 years ago, Thurgood Marshall was confirmed as the first African American Supreme Court Justice. His words still ring true today:

"Where you see wrong or inequality or injustice, speak out because this is your country. This is your democracy. Make it. Protect it. Pass it on."
States have a right to enforce consumer protection laws, and this includes ensuring student loan servicers aren't preying on borrowers to increase their profits.
 
We're defending Pennsylvania's right to sue student loan servicer Navient to ensure borrowers are protected.
The second letter aims to ensure every student has access to a safe and supportive learning environment, free from harassment, bias, and discrimination.

New York has always been and will always be a safe space for all students.
Today we issued two letters with @NYSEDNews to NY schools to support safety &amp; equality for all of our students.

The first letter provides guidance for protecting the rights of students, including undocumented students, to receive an education without intervention by ICE agents.
Gutting controls on methane will greatly contribute to climate change, and the deadly toll it's increasingly taking on us, our families, and our communities.

I will not stand idly by while the Trump Admin's actions harm our environment &amp; our future.
 
https://t.co/A46urlB1Vd
Extremely saddened to see another act of hate take place in NY.

Let’s be clear: there is no room for any kind of anti-Semitism in any corner of our state.

If you know anything about this attack, I urge you to contact @NYPDnews.

https://t.co/Fes2Ycg13N
The anti-Semitic video from the Rockland County GOP is deeply disturbing. They must remove &amp; condemn it. Saying that members of the Jewish community are a threat to families, our safety &amp; that they must be stopped is despicable. 

We must all stand together to denounce this hate.
Promises made must be promises kept.

Tens of thousands of Americans were promised Public Service Loan Forgiveness, yet the vast majority haven't received a single dime.

We're calling on @BetsyDeVosED and @usedgov to deliver on this promise to America's public servants.
I dream our nation will come together to realize we have no room for hate and division, and instead unite under equality, love &amp; fairness for all.

I’m using the law as a sword &amp; a shield to ensure no one is above or below it.

#MLK #DreamForward https://t.co/43hJxHBVxs
The Autism CARES Act has provided federal support for research into autism spectrum disorders (ASD) &amp; services for years.
 
Today, I’m urging Congress with 46 AGs to reauthorize this act and continue this critical funding.
The Trump Admin wants to stop requiring public input &amp; environmental reviews before taking actions on National Forest Lands.

Ignoring the people &amp; science itself puts wildlife &amp; our communities at risk. These lands are protected for a reason. 

We're urging them against it.
After a 3 year investigation, we've convicted 3 people and 3 companies for engaging in a $3M loan fraud and money laundering scheme in the scaffolding industry.
 
These fraudsters will pay back the millions they stole and cease their illegal operations.
 
Fraud won't fly in NY.
Atalaya Capital Management was funding &amp; assisting Vision Property Management's scheme against aspiring NY homeowners.
 
They'll pay over $2.5M in consumer relief &amp; civil penalties for their role.
 
Anyone who preys on innocent NYers is on notice: we will hold you accountable. https://t.co/orwarRLZNE
Despite insurmountable evidence, the Trump Admin keeps denying climate change is real, putting the nation at risk.

Now they're telling fed. agencies to ignore climate change &amp; greenhouse gas emissions when considering the environmental impact of decisions.

We're fighting back.
"You don’t get to rewrite the American story; you don’t get to rewrite our values; and you don’t get to break the law. We'll see you in court."

My op-ed on why we are suing to stop the Trump Admin's new Public Charge Rule.

⬇️⬇️⬇️

https://t.co/729ciCXj35
Presentamos una demanda contra la propuesta de Trump de prolongar la detención de niños inmigrantes, eludiendo el Acuerdo Judicial Flores. 

La detención de personas, especialmente niños, en condiciones crueles que no satisfacen las necesidades humanas básicas es inaceptable.
With the signing of our bill restoring the 6 year statute of limitations under the Martin Act, New York can better hold corporate greed accountable &amp; deliver justice for victims of fraud.

If Main Street has to play by a set of rules, so must Wall Street.

https://t.co/4v2E3ORstm
Let the bocce ball games begin! 

Great afternoon at the @NYSFair with the @SpecOlympicsNY all-star athletes for a bocce ball tournament. https://t.co/Hm0SvZafnU
BREAKING: We filed a lawsuit against the Trump Admin's new rule seeking to prolong the detention of immigrant children &amp; circumvent the Flores Settlement Agreement.

Detaining people, especially children, under cruel conditions that fail to meet basic human needs is
unacceptable.
Today is Law Enforcement Day at the @NYSFair &amp; we gather to honor the lives of all those we have lost in the line of duty. 

All of these New Yorkers had one thing in common: their commitment to justice. We are all better for their dedication and sacrifice. https://t.co/3WCxbxcayb
This #WomensEqualityDay we champion the progress we've made and recognize the work we still have in front of us.

Whether it's equality in the workforce, reproductive justice, or access to quality, affordable healthcare, we'll continue defending women's rights across our nation. https://t.co/84AN8MSsJ8
Thrilled to be at the 172nd @NYSFair today in Geddes, NY to celebrate all New York has to offer. https://t.co/K4jj8JN7t7
It's simple:
 
We are a country of laws and rules, and what guides me are the principles of equality and that the law applies to all of us. https://t.co/0NVOrn5PSp
This week, we filed a lawsuit against the Trump Admin's Public Charge Rule.
 
Thanks to @EspaillatNY &amp; so many other great partners who stood with us at Foley Square to protect our state &amp; nation's values and the rule of law. https://t.co/KhY6Hiy8FC
Tonight I’ll be joining @maddow to discuss what my office has recently been working on.

Tune in at 9PMET!
We're announcing a partnership between 51 AGs &amp; 12 phone companies to fight illegal robocalls. The companies will adopt a plan to protect consumers &amp; make it easier for AGs to investigate &amp; prosecute.

These bad actors will soon only have one call left to make: to their lawyers.
Everyone in this nation – regardless of legal status – has the right to due process under the U.S. Constitution.
 
We're fighting back to ensure that every person is afforded this fundamental right and that this administration does not rip any more families apart.
We’re challenging the Trump Admin’s expanded use of expedited deportations of immigrants. The rule would allow @DHSgov to deport ppl without granting them due process protections, as required by law.
 
Millions of ppl, including 4.5M in NY, could be stripped of this basic right.
Black women make 61 cents to every dollar earned by white men &amp; have to work almost 8 months into 2019 to earn the same amount white men did in 2018.

In New York we banned salary history questions, but we've got more work to do. #BlackWomensEqualPayDay

https://t.co/WaGR2zqazY
The State of Indiana is refusing to allow Whole Woman's Health Alliance to open a medication abortion clinic in South Bend.
 
We're urging IN to allow this clinic to open b/c access to safe reproductive healthcare is a fundamental right for women and we will keep fighting for it. https://t.co/uuklnpuEUI
RT @BrianLehrer: Happening now! @JuanMaBenitez NY AG @TishJames, talks about her latest lawsuits against the Trump administration and more.
